Timothy Sackton: So I guess, having the toll and background is, I didn't have time to make a lot of new backgrounds for this session, so
Timothy Sackton: we'll go with what I've got. Okay. So we begin tonight. The morning of January eighth as the sun shines on Vindrastarna, crossing high above the western hills of Simia.
Timothy Sackton: approaching the presumed location of the cavern complex, known as the edge of echoes.
Timothy Sackton: Even with the mid-morning sun. The day is cold, at least this high up in the sky, with a light wind blowing from the western gulf.
Timothy Sackton: Fadrick has perched at the front of the ship, eagerly looking towards the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: He's wearing a thick silver gray woollen cloak over battered, clearly ancient breastplate.
Timothy Sackton: I've sturdy, dwarven make, but clearly not worn or used in a while. He's leaning on his silver steel cane and on his shoulder the stone bird sits flapping, its wings uselessly, unable to fly. His long grey beard is braided with glittering beads that sparkle in the winter sun, and he seems quite thrilled to be on the move.
Timothy Sackton: So over the past few days we'll come back to details as you all want to. highlight them in your little stories. You've finished your business in Tolin, at least, for now.
Timothy Sackton: And said your goodbyes with hope to return soon.
Timothy Sackton: You're leaving 22,000 gold lighter than you entered, and without the flaming tempest the various trade goods you've recovered, or any of the scarce deal.
Timothy Sackton: Some of this coin and material went to the purchase of a number of spell components for heroes feast greater restoration. Ray is dead should it be necessary, and more ruby dust to restock for more forbidden castings.
Timothy Sackton: and a dark vision tattoo for well be, but most was left behind with Adam Gower, a trusted agent, who's worked with the good barrels. In the pause
Timothy Sackton: he will coordinate with only to have errors in a shield made and teleported to you via Magical Courier. When they're ready, he'll also coordinate to hire a crew to begin breaking down the frame of tempest into useful timber. To sell the trade goods to begin.
Timothy Sackton: organizing people to hire to make plans, carpenters, architects, everybody who you'll need for the
Timothy Sackton: elaboration on then just start now when you return.
Timothy Sackton: So in addition to this, this business, of course, you've all had your own good advice to say and things to do in these roughly 2 and a half days in Toland. So anybody who has character moments they'd like to share. Now is the time.
Timothy Sackton: He's
okay.
Timothy Sackton: anybody?
Eric Rosenbaum: So I've I've just a handful of things. The
Eric Rosenbaum: interval of quiet and rest was an occasion for seeker to ponder
Eric Rosenbaum: the nature of time and wonder about its relation
Eric Rosenbaum: to the plains, recalling the ancient lore known by all dwarven schoolchildren. Of course, that
Eric Rosenbaum: time began
Eric Rosenbaum: at the moment of separation of the plains.
Eric Rosenbaum: and thinking about
Eric Rosenbaum: connections between the plains and those who would wish to
Eric Rosenbaum: cross boundaries between them.
Eric Rosenbaum: What might happen if the planes were brought to act together
Eric Rosenbaum: again. Is that a way to stop time?
Eric Rosenbaum: At any rate, thinking about time, also got Seeker thinking about his family. And so he's written a letter  updating his parents on his travels.
Eric Rosenbaum: occasionally amazed by his own
Eric Rosenbaum: densely packed adventures. and also asking for any. Were there details that you recall about brother was disappears.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are hopefully doing investigative.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rest of the time has been spent raping around the skyship with Feldrick. and taught planning for the opening of our ship's inaugural artist in residence
Eric Rosenbaum: program. Perhaps with a introductory seminar
Eric Rosenbaum: or lecture that Feldrick will give once we are underway
you
Timothy Sackton: anyone else.
UU Church of Boulder: So I think what we spend
UU Church of Boulder: a little bit of the time just tending to business, you know, going back and to the map makers, and and, you know, leafing through everything to see if there's more to find, or maps that he has to share back.
UU Church of Boulder: But then I also think that
UU Church of Boulder: he's he's taken a little bit more turn back towards halfling roots again, like it's been
UU Church of Boulder: just about a year plus or minus since he left, and like that whole year has just been nonstop, you know, adventuring and fighting and getting all of these skills and sort of like martial skills and all that stuff.
UU Church of Boulder: I think he's turning back towards
UU Church of Boulder: like with curiosity towards the halfling community. And communalism.
UU Church of Boulder: Think that he spends most of that time
UU Church of Boulder: with elders just listening to stories, and trying to
UU Church of Boulder: and asking questions and trying to make more sense now out of
UU Church of Boulder: the lessons that his great-grandfather was trying to teach as a child, or or trying, maybe not trying, just sharing, but this sort of mystical bent. I think
UU Church of Boulder: this is less narrative, but
UU Church of Boulder: I think that there's like a really deep halfling mysticism like this idea of time not necessarily being a real thing. You know this idea of stories that repeat themselves over and over.
UU Church of Boulder: You know the this conflation of the universal and the particular that you know. certain things that appear to be unique are actually all
UU Church of Boulder: you know, a single thing. So it's
UU Church of Boulder: and he spends a lot of time listening to elders trying to impart that lesson to like a very concrete, this worldly well-being, and
the
UU Church of Boulder: where it didn't make sense before. Necessarily, he's at least trying to
UU Church of Boulder: wrap his mind around what all of that really means.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So In the past few days Enzo has been basically
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of busy with 2 2 principal tasks. one watch you 3, one Kenza is continuing to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spend loving care and attention cultivating now continuing to blossom garden that's in the center of the top floor of the of the boat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he's been collecting different little species and things to try to to start cultivating there. Some successes, some failures. He's been doing a little bit of poking in investigation. Engaging with other folks in Toland that actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are able to our experts in the local fauna. And he's learning about that. So, Tim. He's been doing some community with nature and doing some just kind of nature walks. He hasn't been doing that alone, however. He has
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo's conspicuously been spending a lot of time with Iskra, who is maybe his girlfriend. Now kinda sorta Kenzo ken. Well, Kenzo Kenzo is an interesting relationship when it comes to women, because, you know, he grew up. Kind of a rascal, you know. So he was a a you know, a rascally little kid running around charred in, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he wasn't like a womanizer when he was younger, but he, like kind of, you know, had his has way with the ladies. But then, you know, once he started getting into his, his monk, life
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was really like very scared for his life, like he really kind of was prioritizing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: initially, just his own survival and then really was on a spiritual path, on on a spiritual journey. And certainly, you know, since we've been adventuring for for a number of years. Now, you know, Kenzo's been basically been celibate and has been really focused on honing his physical crafts, his martial arts. And this really intense spiritual journey, like how many fucking different gods does he now working with and channeling and feeling through and all of that? And so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's been a real revelation for him to connect with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a person who also is on this journey and has her own way, that she's navigating her own spiritual path. And it's been, you know, really nice and different. And so Kenzo's been kind of exploring that, and has been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learning about the difference.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again, kind of plant life communicating with nature and with with Isra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other thing that Kenza has begun to do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is Kenzo also on the deck. The first deck of the boat has been starting to do larger inscriptions and drawings of the journey of the party, like on the on the boat or on the the kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what do you call that? Like the wooden structure? That's sort of the the railing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, exactly like the railing on that area. He's been working on basically kind of doing a pictographic journey. In very much in the style of honoring Vishma and the storytelling there of not only our journey, but also the journey of the folks that have been. That we've been meeting along the way. So he's been. He's been engaging in that in that project.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And and yeah, and noticeably happier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also he's been eating really well. Including this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can basically taste it mentally.
Eric Rosenbaum: I for years I was a pescatarian, but for the past few I've now become back to omnivore. Can we all actually eat steak and cheese one day, can we? Is that possible? The thing that I could now not eat actually is the bun. But
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm, yeah, steak and cheese on a gluten. Free button. Yeah. Super good. No, they're usually not, unfortunately.
Timothy Sackton: not worth doing anything.
Mike Sackton: Nothing has come to me
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: as you think back to these, can we? Can we co-create something for Dallas right now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think Bellwether has been spending this time upgrading the kitchen. I think he is taking this opportunity, like stock up on like the best toll in like spices, and, like, you know, cool, you know, flavors and things and is hardcore like we're gonna eat fucking well on the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: spending his energy like, really, really, you know, going into that getting all of the best, you know, kind of breads, and just like whatever whatever materials, reagents, and things he needs. For cooking, I think that's that's one thing he's definitely been doing
Mike Sackton: that sounds plausible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another thing I think we collectively should have been doing. Have you guys been watching one piece?
Timothy Sackton: No, what is it? Yeah. The live action one. Have you been watching this him? No, but Isaac and Nathaniel have been like ragging on it so hard? Because they're like, why did they make a live action. Anyways, you all should watch it, if only because the story is exactly what we are doing in our campaign right now. It's like a bunch of adventurers. They get a ship, and they keep getting bigger trading and shifts to get bigger shifts. And so it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyways, it's it's great. But the other thing like we should be building out our career right? So yes, we've got like our artists in residence, but I think also shorts, or at Wellbe. It's like, if we get, you know, like, I think we should be getting like a couple of Npcs that are like now coming with us, you know, that are helping like again. I don't know if we can do all of the labor with just just what's his name again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Frederick? Oh, he's not a laborer. He is definitely not going into the kitchen.
Timothy Sackton: right? So so what? No, but I mean like to help make that make all the stuff like, I don't know a couple of hands. You know, we need a people like you're gonna need you need like a serious crew to. That's what I'm saying. Dry Doc, for a week or 2,000 person hours of work. Right? So that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. And so it's a crew of 20. That's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 days. So just just saying, like, you know, do we have a like? It feels like we probably have a small crew with us at this point, potentially, yeah, maybe not. Right now, we we would have had to set that up before we left, which we did not do. But we could recruit some more people when we get back to Tolan cause that's the plan to get to do next is to go back there. You you basically you hired an agent, this guy, Adam Gower, in Tolin, who has worked with good like a lot of halfling trading ships, would
Timothy Sackton: have this sort of thing right like we're gonna be back in a year, you know.
Timothy Sackton: or we don't know when we're gonna be back. But you know, here's some money. Take care of our business for us while we're gone. We'll be back in 6 months or 3 years.
Timothy Sackton: Who knows? Well, be, you know the
Timothy Sackton: the good barrels, recommended somebody trustworthy. You've now
Timothy Sackton: hired to
Timothy Sackton: work on all this stuff for you while you are out adventuring, so that you, when you return to Poland, you don't have to spend 2 weeks
Timothy Sackton: recruiting or laborers, or, you know, doing all this, you'd just be like, Hey, Adam, what do you got for us?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's great. Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. So then then, fadrick is our is our is the one addition to our ship. He is the only one traveling you with you for now. Okay, alright, fair
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I. And I do think that the Centaur visited the ship to say goodbye, and that's him, and dealt deal with it just just. They just had a like a very brief, you know, wasn't it?
UU Church of Boulder: II just thought earlier this week, which is deeply stupid, but but made me happy as us falling asleep one night that if they did have a child it would have the torso of a centaur and the legs of an elf.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't picture that I don't understand
Timothy Sackton: one tail. It has a tailbone.
Eric Rosenbaum: But how many legs? 4 elf legs?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, got it.
Timothy Sackton: You can now see
Timothy Sackton: the more on this morning, after you've you know, as you've been reminiscing about your last days in Toland, the sparkling ribbon of the M. Pojo River, maybe 40 miles ahead. So 4 h of travel cascade swiftly through hills and forests. This
Timothy Sackton: interior area you've crossed the sort of coastal Saima and the river valleys mostly during the night, and this sort of rugged, hilly interior is not densely settled. You can see the occasional plume of smoke rising from a small village, or maybe a woodcutter's house, or something like that. But this is not rich agricultural land here, in the sort of center of the peninsula. This is.
Timothy Sackton: you know, rocky forests with
Mike Sackton: rough hills and and rushing rivers. We're like crossing through the center mountains in the Semi and Peninsula, basically. Or we've crossed them. And we're now like you're like the that river that there's a river that runs. Do you have a map and roll 20 that I should be looking at? I have a map and roll 20. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: even, I didn't even open roll 20 or Dd beyond them, like, we're not gonna need to dice. You're like. So there's this is. This is where you're going. This little river here.
Timothy Sackton: this bigger river, is the Empo Joe.
Timothy Sackton: This bigger river is the Empire. Joe.
This is the river that the edge of echoes is on.
Timothy Sackton: So you're so this, this middle, this middle area here.
Timothy Sackton: this like part of semia, is this rocky sort of hilly like the foothills of this. This is a serious mountain chain down here, and this is like the this, the central wooded area, the the the river valleys of the coasts are much richer agricultural land. But here you're really talking about
Timothy Sackton: not a lot of Dent settlement, and it's not even a major timber, because the rivers are navigable, so it's quite difficult to even get wood to market right lower down.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there'd be people cutting trees and things. But Samia's not really noted. Is it? As a place for timber, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, are you pointing at things on a map right now? Oh, I see, I see I see. Got it? Got it? Okay, I see.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So this is, this is where this is the Mpo Joe River here. And this is the
Timothy Sackton: That's the small, the small river.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: faachela right here.
Timothy Sackton: That is where you're heading. This is where I mean, Fadrick has a basic idea of where
Timothy Sackton: the the
Timothy Sackton: river is supposed to be. You follow the Rochala up river from its confluence of the Empojo. For some 20 miles
Timothy Sackton: it plunges until you see, like the river goes underground, and that's where the edge of echoes. This is where the the Focello River goes underground, and that's like
Mike Sackton: where it's coming out of these mountains at the at the no, no, it's not nearly that far. So it just kind of peters out at some point and goes underground. Yeah, start. I mean, this whole area is like.
Timothy Sackton: Hey.
Eric Rosenbaum: theological, undoubtedly
Timothy Sackton:  geologically based on the parsed landscapes of Slovenia Karst. Nice.
Mike Sackton:  also, Tackler is only what 5,000 years old. So I mean, who knows how anything came to be?
Eric Rosenbaum: Most of the cases are created by God stepping in the wrong spot.
Timothy Sackton: Remedy like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is that a thing
Timothy Sackton: there could be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feels like a ship?
Timothy Sackton:  so So as you approach, as you see the the river. and and I assume you're not, I mean, stop me if you wanna do something different. But
Timothy Sackton: unless you want to go, look for people to talk to. For some reason, I assume you're just following Fredericks directions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: so as you're as you're going up the river, and you're you're cruising along at your 10 ish mile an hour pace maybe an hour from this 20 mile point where you expect to see
Timothy Sackton: this like river falling into the same call, Fadr turns and walks back excitedly.
Timothy Sackton: It's the the river's just there.
Timothy Sackton: We must be so close. Why do you
Timothy Sackton: normally do now like an hour before the adventure starts? You must like prepare, or something, I guess right Or maybe you just jump, leap headfirst into danger like proper adventurers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Make it sound foolish when you say it like that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, that's the best way to do things. I'm very excited.
Timothy Sackton: Been a decade since I'd been on a proper adventure.
Timothy Sackton: and and you are all are very strong. Right? Don't have to worry about getting killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you don't have to worry about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What do we expect to find here, Feldrick?
Timothy Sackton:  I don't know. That's what's exciting about weird elementals.
Timothy Sackton: I ancient Drankari and Forge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum:  And just wha what are you hoping to gain again?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza's like looking at Frederick, but then looking really hard at at seeker like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what are cause we're we're doing. We're trusting you with the thing, and that they get is gain.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: did did we discuss this?
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely we did. But there was a party.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Maybe the the beer goes to his head. Is that the problem?
Timothy Sackton: He looks looks over at Penzo and and well be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you remember anything and just looking at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: everyone?
UU Church of Boulder: Well, we would say telepathically.
UU Church of Boulder: this guy turns out to be a Gota again. I am gonna be so angry
Eric Rosenbaum: he's almost definitely not. I gotcha. He definitely has some kind of fake connection that I'm sure is completely benign
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: telepathically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're good, right? Like we're in a good situation, right? Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know what
Eric Rosenbaum: the problem is here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, secret's not the right one to ask that question.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Oh, oh, it's the bird, right the bird
Timothy Sackton: and and your glove. And didn't you want like a
Timothy Sackton: fire blaster for your ship or something?
Timothy Sackton: Then you had some school special metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and why is it that? Yeah, exactly. Why is it that this place is the only place? It's because of the elementals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Elemental planes being close
Eric Rosenbaum: to this? Well, I mean, I could take
Timothy Sackton: 6 months and laboriously work magic into some piece of metal over the course of years of my life, where I could just dunk it in some elemental forge
Timothy Sackton: done.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds worthwhile to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so we're here to upgrade the offensive
Timothy Sackton: capabilities can learn to fly. Yeah, you don't you
Mike Sackton: remember his bird?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure, the bird? But if you keep me alive
Timothy Sackton: and my bird learns to fly, then yes, I'm upgrading the offensive capabilities of your ship and also love.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah. And
Timothy Sackton: and I think that's it. Unless you have some hidden sources of elemental metal, I can enchant
Eric Rosenbaum: what was the middle called? We do have a
Eric Rosenbaum: yes, I'd like to add that to my glove now.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, we don't need to add anything to your glove. The entire is for the
Timothy Sackton: the the ship can't. Your glove is magical enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good, very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: And or or maybe you don't wanna kid, and maybe you wanna
Timothy Sackton: catapult or a hose that shoots water.
Timothy Sackton: or
Timothy Sackton:  what could you make with air? It already flies. That doesn't seem that useful. Oh, make it fly faster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could we? Clouds? Speed is yeah. But but being able to create storms around us so we can have like a a little. Yes, yes, yes, we want that. Yes, definitely. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So faster. A launcher of some kind, or be a cloud.
Mike Sackton: I think I think. Well.
Mike Sackton: II think we should. I think we should
Mike Sackton: survive first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think we prioritize shooting fireballs because we wanna speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I think there's still
Mike Sackton: yeah, or a cloud right? Being a cloud.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, of course, that's still being cloud, a cloud that can envelop us so that we're invisible from the ground, or seem to be a cloud from the ground. How how plausible is that! Then we can fly right to Festo's Tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, mush it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, if there's no other clouds around, it would look a little strange, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way next year.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we do, this doesn't mean we don't get the fireball cannon.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the idea is, you only have one piece of this.
Timothy Sackton: Do you guys see that bird on the horizon.
UU Church of Boulder: What is that? I'll pull out my spyglass and take a closer look.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you? What do you see?
Timothy Sackton: It looks like a. It looks like us like maybe a small white
Timothy Sackton:  make a for actually make a perception check.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm, hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it looks like a a small.
Timothy Sackton: like a small, like sparrow or something, but it seems to be flying very unnaturally.
Timothy Sackton: like completely in a straight line, and moving much faster than a bird, as it's still a few 100 feet away. It's like only the
Timothy Sackton: very sharpest eyesight could pick it up at this distance.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright. But then, if you know it's getting
Timothy Sackton: closer, quite quickly.
UU Church of Boulder: maybe below decks for Falterk, just in case
Timothy Sackton: what? What? What do you see?
Eric Rosenbaum: Sort of squints in the direction of the
Timothy Sackton: of the horizon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's just I escort him downstairs bodily.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, okay, I get it
Eric Rosenbaum: going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then what's the what's my range for a commune with nature.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that's like a I mean, it's like a ritual it takes. It's not instantaneous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but the range is like miles.
Timothy Sackton: Another 30 s or so pass. And now you all see this like small white bird, Wellbe, as you as you're watching it in the spyglass, you can see it almost looks like it's made of. It almost looks mechanical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 5 bucks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should we? Shoot that out of the sky, moving super fast in your direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: like straight for us
Timothy Sackton: straight for you. Yes.
UU Church of Boulder: maybe it's friendly, Bobby says, as he knocks an arrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we have a way to detect intent?
Eric Rosenbaum: I put on my goggles.
Mike Sackton: We don't really have a way of detecting evil intent, do we?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just asking, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: not really. You need something like detectbox or or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can create a performance of creation, a giant net
Eric Rosenbaum: to try to catch it.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is most like some kind of messenger, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: Watching it as it gets closer. Yeah, and closer, and it seems to be heading straight for seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: For me.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'll stand like your buy seeker in case it looks too
Mike Sackton: terribly hostile.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll also stand here by seeker, in case I need to catch it back as it gets within maybe a hundred minute distance.
Timothy Sackton: while the watching still in the spyglass can see like this. It looks like it's made out of folded paper.
UU Church of Boulder: Whoa! That is so cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been message
Mike Sackton: I've been here
Timothy Sackton: flies up right next to seeker, and it
Timothy Sackton: unrolls itself, unfolds itself into a piece of paper hairmeal. It is. It is a ladder. It's the philosopher's guilds.
Timothy Sackton: and it says.
Timothy Sackton:  There are words. It says.
Timothy Sackton: dear seeker of hiking brother to Frank R.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your gift, though generously given, is a common trinket device made in great numbers during the age of drank, or to facilitate logistical support for the armies of the Empire. The trick of their easy construction has been lost, many 100 still survived.
Timothy Sackton: and there's little new to learn from this trinket.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Nonetheless, your eagerness to understand the fate of your brother is noble, and some answers are not difficult to come by.
Mike Sackton: so these now I share with you.
Timothy Sackton: Your brother, Frank. Franco, was indeed seen alive on the elemental plane of fire some years ago, when exactly, I cannot say, but at least 5 years ago, by the standard reckoning of your people.
Timothy Sackton: it is said, a curious dwarf, bearing remarkable resemblance to your description of Frank R.
Timothy Sackton: Was sited within the illustrious city of Bronze Hall, in the company of an affront known as Zechar.
Timothy Sackton: Whether he was willingly traveling with this creature or a captive was not clear, and the nature of their association association is, and was elusive.
Timothy Sackton: while the Afrika are often cruel, they do greatly value those who possess rare talent, so perhaps one can hope. He was travelling as a trusted advisor and not a slave.
Timothy Sackton: They were heading, according to those who saw them, towards the cinder wastes some claim they sought knowledge of the oracle's pyre, though
Timothy Sackton: what such a thing was or is, is not known to me
Timothy Sackton: beyond the obvious link from the name with both fire and divination. Object.
Timothy Sackton: More than this I cannot say. Perhaps those who saw him in particular.
Timothy Sackton: the Azer may have more to report. Should you wish to travel to the elemental plane of fire in the city of Bronze Hall, and question them yourself.
Timothy Sackton: signed a Flame Warden, on behalf of the ancient and honorable Guild of philosophers.
Eric Rosenbaum: the Flame Warden.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: what does that mean?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. Must be
Eric Rosenbaum: one of the philosopher's guild members that
Eric Rosenbaum: does something to do with flame
Eric Rosenbaum: intriguing. I think we will have to
Eric Rosenbaum: investigate this further at a future date.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this a
Eric Rosenbaum: Feldrick and I turn around? Oh, he's low deck still.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can come back up Feldrick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Limbs up, thumping on the stairs as he goes.
Eric Rosenbaum: is this.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a message. It turns out it's a message. I have a younger brother who who disappeared years ago, and I inquired of our friends the philosopher's guilt
Eric Rosenbaum: in exchange for gift. Of course, what they know of him, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: as I suspected, he has been seen
Eric Rosenbaum: in the plane of fire. Live
Eric Rosenbaum: good news.
Eric Rosenbaum: just to confirm that he's there. But what his association with that, if freed, is. and what the oracle is. what was it?
Eric Rosenbaum: The oracle? Higher, higher.
Eric Rosenbaum: some kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: screaming divination
Eric Rosenbaum: lace?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hope we get a chance to go there somehow.
Timothy Sackton: No, why not? I would burn to a crisp.
Timothy Sackton: No, it's hot there, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what's he doing there? How is he surviving
Timothy Sackton: the company having a free? Maybe they're keeping him alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we? What do we know about it?
Mike Sackton: You have a we have a thing trapped in a bottle.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're powerful. Yeah, we have it. We have it a freak bottle.
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a far one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or rescued one.
Timothy Sackton: No, that wasn't in a free that was like a fire spirit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: the freights are like the are like
Timothy Sackton: they're like, you know, gin or
Timothy Sackton: something. They're like the like, you know.
UU Church of Boulder: Mo, among the most powerful denzens of the elemental planet fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! How do we have one in the model again?
Mike Sackton: You found it in grimace. Calls there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Did we show that to the the myriad
Mike Sackton: Nope, now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should we do that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, maybe it is charged. Oh, we're totally due, for that
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds good.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. The mirror would be charged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  yeah, extra week, should we? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's not a bad idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I like it.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, we're thinking of anything else that's more urgent.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you might find a use for it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the adventure you're about to go on true, which is not elementals and
Eric Rosenbaum: but different elementals. I mean.
it's not gonna if you don't use it in the edge of echoes. It's only gonna be.
Timothy Sackton: you know, at at most a day later, right? There's no harm in
Timothy Sackton: saving it to see if you need it, and then using it, maybe emerge. I support that idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. But what else are we gonna show to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: find a drankorian forage. Maybe there will be something you need to look at in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so lies
Timothy Sackton: as this. As this
Timothy Sackton: scene message ends, you find yourself now drifting over a waterfall that plunges into a sinkhole. and the river
Timothy Sackton: just stops like the waterfall just cascades down the river must flow underground, because there is no
Timothy Sackton:  because there's no
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: next campaign. You're playing a character with an aid wisdom instead of a 16. Wisdom. I don't think wisdom correlates to planning, but anyways.
Timothy Sackton: maybe not.
Timothy Sackton:  The
Timothy Sackton: so this this river that's flowing down through these hills, these, these sort of
Timothy Sackton: rugged, rocky hills, just cascades into this single, and you're still fairly high up. Right? You're. you know, 100 feet up, maybe, or a few 100 feet up.
Timothy Sackton: So you know, details are not readily apparent. But you can certainly see the water
Timothy Sackton: cascades down into the darkness of some cavern below.
Timothy Sackton: Patrick is very excited. Figures. This must be it. This is exactly what they described waterfall into an underground river. Let's go
Eric Rosenbaum:  Well, we got a park this.
Eric Rosenbaum: But park the ship somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: let's go.
Timothy Sackton: I Fadri sort of looks.
Timothy Sackton: I thought you'd like pull out a flying carpet or something at this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What do you mean?
Timothy Sackton: It's pretty far down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but you can't fly.
Mike Sackton: do you? Do you need that? Is not one of my talents. No.
Mike Sackton: that very well. How far down is it, by the way?
Timothy Sackton: Well, assuming you, you know, park the ship at some height above the ground.
Timothy Sackton: the
UU Church of Boulder: like the waterfalls going into a pit right like I'm not going to a pit. You can't see the bottom. I have featherfall with my armor so I can definitely get us down. I can't necessarily get him back up again.
Mike Sackton: Well, I can make 3 people fly.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, let's let's feather fall in. And we can all just we can sort of parachute in.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it's just gonna jump
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hands. I can just jump.
Mike Sackton: I mean Kenzo Canal. Wait, get wait! Hold out a minute.
Timothy Sackton: just facilitate little high for Kenza to just jump. I thought
Mike Sackton: all of us could fly.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Has the ravens whistle, which has 3 uses per day each use, which lasts for what you know.
Mike Sackton: And don't you? Can you sprout wings. Wellby.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah, II got my armor fixed, and and it can fly, but but it's only a certain number of times. I mean, it's
UU Church of Boulder: better to float down than fly up.
Mike Sackton: If we can manage like a certain number of times a day, or like finite charges. Period no, a certain number of times per day.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to best bring anything with us, because,
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know. During Corey and Forge it's probably just not sitting there unprotected. I may be
Eric Rosenbaum: it's gonna be super easy.
Mike Sackton: You you you don't travel with all of your things that you need. Don't! Don't we have a folding boat?
Mike Sackton: Oh, we should bring the folding boat. But I mean isn't like all of our worldly possessions in a locket around Welby's neck. Pretty much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: including our mirror if we needed. I mean, the mirrors are in there, too, right like. Why, why do we need such a gigantic ship? Then, friends.
Eric Rosenbaum: you could travel on a
Mike Sackton: 12 foot long stoneship. That's just doesn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It doesn't satisfy the soul. That sounds like something a billionaire would say, a billionaire. L, actually let our ruling class say, in their luxurious rooms with the biggest fucking windows on a ship. Yeah. Doesn't satisfy the soul the same way.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you all just jump.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I wait. Wait. No, I was gonna cast fly. You guys don't. Aren't gonna fly kinds of jumps. Why don't? Why don't we just featherfall? I can take 5 people with me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Saves you the spell.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's jump, so we'll give Fuldrek some brief instructions.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then Paul died and push him off the edge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait when we featherfall with you? Do we have to be touching you, or do we just like
Eric Rosenbaum: within
Timothy Sackton: it's within 60 feet or 30 feet, or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, yeah, it's a success. 60. Well, Kenza is doing all kinds of like crazy flips and shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is anybody slow?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His father started to drift down.
Timothy Sackton: No, he I mean he's clutching his his cane.
Timothy Sackton: he's a little nervous. He's kind of nervous about the landing. He's like.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: as you begin to go down you, you pass, you pass the so so the waterfalls falling into the sinkhole, and of course there's it's been sort of eating away the whole. There's a fair bit of space is probably
Timothy Sackton: 20 or 30 feet
Timothy Sackton: around, of just empty space, looking down into blackness like below
Timothy Sackton: what you can see. I mean, you can see like a bit of light coming in, and it and you can see the the river, the the water falling down into a pool, and then, like a river in some large underground cavern.
Timothy Sackton: and as you slowly drift down you you land
Timothy Sackton: on this
Timothy Sackton: a a quite a large cavern, probably  at least 40 feet
Timothy Sackton: wide across, and longer than than you can see with your dark vision, the light, the light coming from the
Timothy Sackton: from the whole is just this, it's almost like a spotlight right down in the middle. And this is for for well being Kenza. I don't think Kenza ever used this dark vision tattoo before.
Timothy Sackton: It's a bit of a strange experience, because when you, when you sort of see in this pitch darkness. It's like nothing's in color. Everything's in a sort of grayscale kind of
Timothy Sackton: it's very clear and crisp, but it also just stops suddenly at 60 feet. Right? So you've got this very clear sort of grayscale vision out to some distance, and then it just fades into darkness at the end.
Timothy Sackton: It's a bit of a disconcerting experience
Timothy Sackton: not having grown up with that.  The cavern floor is rocky and jumbled. And of course you can see the river flows out. There may be other exits if you explore, but obviously the river
Timothy Sackton: continues to flow. It doesn't seem to be flowing super swiftly once it gets past the pool where the water cascades.
Timothy Sackton: Frederick looks around. Now, what?
UU Church of Boulder: So let's send a bat ahead to scout it out.
UU Church of Boulder: Do we know where we're going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are we looking for, Fadrick?
Eric Rosenbaum: There's some kind of forage right?
Timothy Sackton: Some kind of forge  takes out. He like pulls up his cane and shines this like
Timothy Sackton: light, this like flashlight that lights up like 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: I guess we have to poke around. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there must be some Drankhorian something here right?
Timothy Sackton: And this doesn't look like a forge to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kick my foot a little bit. What's what's the stone? This is limestone.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, this is all limestone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there ley lines?
Timothy Sackton:  there are.
Timothy Sackton: There's one that seems to follow the course of the river roughly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a typical thing? Laylines following Rivers.
Timothy Sackton:  not necessarily.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, well, you'll take off his hat and reach in and pull out a bat
UU Church of Boulder: and
UU Church of Boulder: send it on ahead
UU Church of Boulder: and be sensed into it. And I think what it's looking for in particular is like finished surfaces.
UU Church of Boulder: you know, or or following the course of the river or
Timothy Sackton: exploring the camera.
UU Church of Boulder: I think, trying to understand what are all of the exits of the cavern like.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah, are there other places to go beyond the river
UU Church of Boulder: and Wisconsin following the river.
Timothy Sackton: What's what are Kenzo and Dallas doing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How's this going to communicate with nature, Tim, and just get a little diagnostic on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's going on in this cave? What's living in here? Let's divide
Mike Sackton:  So the river. Sorry I trying to picture the cave. The river is going
Mike Sackton: out like we're at the bottom. So the river is.
Timothy Sackton: You might have said it, and I kind of missed it. I mean, it's flowing somewhere. Obviously it doesn't. Just it's not, doesn't just stop. Water is continuing to flow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Presumably, you know, downhill.
Mike Sackton: But my brand.
Mike Sackton: But, like, what are we standing like it? It's just going through the wall, basically, right?
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can't see where you're in a huge cavern like
Mike Sackton: beyond that. There, you can't see any walls in the direction. The river is flowing. Okay, I missed that. So they. The river is flowing along the ground.
Mike Sackton: We're standing on the ground next to the river, and we can't see where it exits the ground of a cave. Right? Yeah.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So I will detect. I'll take a few minutes to bring up the tech magic while other people are doing various scouting things.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm confused about the flow of the river. So on the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: it looks like it's done. Sorry. Do we have a
Mike Sackton: I don't have. I should social 20. We have a role. There's no
Mike Sackton: which map
Eric Rosenbaum: the world map on the world map.
Eric Rosenbaum: this little stub of river that were on.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like
Timothy Sackton: flows to connect to the bigger river.
Mike Sackton: But wait, yeah, wait, wait! Hold on! I'm confused, too. It's going. The wrong direction is the source.
Timothy Sackton: What do you mean? The source is like right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's going
Mike Sackton: down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. The hills are higher here and lower. Here.
Timothy Sackton: It's going. The river flows
Timothy Sackton: down towards this conference.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but the waterfall is coming from.
Eric Rosenbaum: It it just looks, since the ocean is the waterfalls like here to the north. On the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: It it rivers can flow north, it's allowed.
UU Church of Boulder: So the river goes underground and then presumably pops above ground again at some point.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, that's that's what I was about.
Mike Sackton: But okay, but weren't we following it upstream?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: So at a certain point, we saw it disappear into? Did we see it disappear?
Eric Rosenbaum: So it must come out again. Yes, you saw it come out again.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Okay. I missed it. So we were following up stream at some point
Mike Sackton: right right right right right right right
Mike Sackton: at some point it came out from underneath the mountains, or something like. And then we kept going upstream. And now we're seeing the waterfall. Okay, that makes more sense. Okay? So
Timothy Sackton: as
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and dealt with drift into their magical rituals.
Timothy Sackton: Fogerk is kind of tapping around with his with his cane with the stone.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry? What's seeker doing? Also examining the
Timothy Sackton: geology. What did you say.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. And also, just if there's any
Eric Rosenbaum: anything in the water also.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: well be as you as you.
Timothy Sackton: Glide into the senses of this bat and
Timothy Sackton: send it flying around kind of looking for an exit. You're able to get a pretty good sense of the
Timothy Sackton: layout of this cavern. So it's a
Timothy Sackton: it's probably a hundred feet. It's like a hundred foot
Timothy Sackton: long, oval, about 40 wide.
Timothy Sackton: The river flows out
Timothy Sackton: at the north end of the cavern. So, going downstream, there is one other
Timothy Sackton: passageway.
Timothy Sackton:  that exits the the waterfall itself. It's falling near the south end of the
Timothy Sackton: pretty much at the exact south end of this large tavern.
Timothy Sackton: And the
Timothy Sackton: there's one other passage that's sort of about the midway point on the western wall.
Timothy Sackton: That exit sort of
Timothy Sackton: that exits to the sort of Northwest.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright, can I send the back down that way?
Timothy Sackton: Sure.
Timothy Sackton: seeker, make make a nature intelligence, nature check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I get anything back from my reading, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled about 16, all told. So seeker is kind of poking around.
Timothy Sackton: the. there's nothing
Timothy Sackton: in the water. There's actually very little signs of life at all.
Timothy Sackton: the you do see some some bones of like deer and and small mammals, or things that seem to have fallen in and landed and died.
Timothy Sackton: and but there doesn't seem to be anything sort of. There's no like fish in the water, or anything that you can notice anywhere you can see
Timothy Sackton: poking around you do see some bits of what look like
Timothy Sackton: out of place, stone almost like construction, or like there's some marble, there's some
Timothy Sackton: sort of what looked like limestone, like bricks, like carved blocks of of stone that have sort of fallen and jumbled, and it's a little bit difficult to make
Timothy Sackton: sense of the pattern. Exactly, but there's
Timothy Sackton: not every, not all of the kind of jumbled rocks here are just the sort of natural limestone floor of the cavern.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo, as as seeker, is poking around at the, you know, poking at these curious rocks.
Timothy Sackton: you're extending your senses, and you also feel this
Timothy Sackton: quietness.
Timothy Sackton: There's nothing like this. Tavern is
Timothy Sackton: feels empty to you, and as you begin to stretch out your senses. You can see. I mean, it's winter, right? It's the, you know. It's January. This is
Timothy Sackton: some decent elevation above sea level, even though you've moved considerably south of Toland. You've also moved
Timothy Sackton: higher up.
Timothy Sackton: So while it's not as cold as it was in Poland, there's not a lot of animal life around in general, I mean, you can send some blue jays and some squirrels kind of above you.
Timothy Sackton: but as you reach your senses down into the
Timothy Sackton: following, the course of the river and into the
Timothy Sackton:  into the deeper into the caverns. You get this almost very alien sense of
Timothy Sackton: it's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not that it's unnatural. It's not of this world.
Timothy Sackton: Extra planner energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  downriver. yeah, definitely feels like there's an elemental forge down there. And, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: powerful elemental as it is. magic
UU Church of Boulder: downriver. Not off the side passage.
Timothy Sackton: Downriver is where you're feeling it. And and it's also like the further downriver you go, the more
Timothy Sackton: almost lonely it feels it. Almost you almost get the feeling like as you extend your senses for a mile downstream.
Timothy Sackton: not quite a mile. but nothing living has moved in this chamber for a long time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nothing living.
Timothy Sackton: no beasts or animals, or
Timothy Sackton: you know there's it's not like there's bats living in here fit like it's very
Mike Sackton: there any magic
Timothy Sackton: there is no magic in this chamber. There's no magic 30 feet beyond, like overwhelming pounding of magic coming off of the floor of you that you've gotten used to right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's Feldrick doing?
Timothy Sackton: He's just been tapping around shining his light on things.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of walks up after about 10 min have passed.
Timothy Sackton: so which way we going I can't swim. Very well, you know my
Timothy Sackton: leg.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: but I bet we can
Eric Rosenbaum: make a raft or something if we have to. We brought.
Eric Rosenbaum: perhaps surprisingly, a small boat with us that we could easily.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go in that the waterway looked like it could
Eric Rosenbaum: support this little boat.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, I mean, it's not. I mean, it's not a stream, right? This is a
Eric Rosenbaum: so it's not a huge river, but it's, you know.
Timothy Sackton: 2015, 20 feet across, right? It's certainly wide enough that. and it seems reasonably deep.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what what did your bat find we'll be over to the west. Maybe we should investigate that.
Timothy Sackton: So this is taking a little bit more time. But eventually  following this this
Timothy Sackton: this course.
Timothy Sackton: You! The back comes to like a cave in the
Timothy Sackton: maybe a hundred feet down this tunnel. There's a room
Timothy Sackton: 200 feet something like that. There's a
Timothy Sackton: place where the roof has collapsed, and the tunnel itself is filled with
Timothy Sackton: a jumble of boulders, and the the bat could maybe squeeze
Timothy Sackton: past if it really tried, but it's pretty reluctant to it. Doesn't look super comfortable.
Mike Sackton: That's down the river. No, down the other cavern.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll send it down the river instead.
Timothy Sackton:  okay, so you send it down the river.
Timothy Sackton: It goes
Timothy Sackton: not. I mean a pretty decent distance it goes.
hold on a sec. I have a map somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: it's a
Timothy Sackton: yeah. Say, it goes. Maybe
Timothy Sackton: it goes maybe 200 feet
Timothy Sackton: and comes to. There's a like the the tunnel. The tunnel narrows. and it gets to a point where, like the river is just flowing
Timothy Sackton: along the walls of the cave, right, so there's no shore on either side where you can stand, and the river picks up a little bit of speed.
Timothy Sackton: and then goes quickly past a a passage on the left and the right that that branch
Timothy Sackton: east and west, left and right, and then the river keeps going, and and the slope picks up, but it's still in the circuit tunnel that's maybe 20 feet across and no beaches. It's just going
Timothy Sackton: another roughly
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: 200 feet. It comes to another pair of tunnels left and right
Timothy Sackton: and then picks up into a a steeper slope that goes
into a
Timothy Sackton: is almost like a rapids right like it's got a bit of an angle to it. And so the rivers
Timothy Sackton: running quite quickly
Timothy Sackton: for some distance.
Timothy Sackton: It's now been, you know 20 min that you've been
Timothy Sackton: following the bat at about 10 min of it flying downriver, and once it got past the 2 sets of passages branching left, right, left, right,
Timothy Sackton: and came to these rapids. It was it was going for I don't know. 10 min. Do you wanna ask it to turn around.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. I wanna send it back down the passages and probably then call it a day with the back.
Timothy Sackton: The the passages on the right, the eastern passages actually connect.
Timothy Sackton: It's like one tunnel that goes up like this above the river goes through the rock and then comes back down. So the 2 passages that branch out.
Timothy Sackton: and there doesn't seem to be any other with a question.
Timothy Sackton: Passages that branch out from there.
Timothy Sackton:  the
Timothy Sackton: left hand passage close to the river or close to the rapids. continues getting narrower and starting to slope down for some some distance
Timothy Sackton: a few 100 feet.
Timothy Sackton: And it gets to be a pretty narrow space again. The back could fly through it. A person could probably crawl through it.
Timothy Sackton: But it gets tight.
Timothy Sackton: and it seems to continue in this vein for some
Timothy Sackton: ways. No other branches
Timothy Sackton:  You could send the bat
Timothy Sackton: down there. might not have time to investigate the other passage depending on how far it goes.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, we'll go down the other passage, then.
Timothy Sackton: The other passage splits
Timothy Sackton: quite quickly after maybe 2530 feet in at a Y intersection
Timothy Sackton: one of the intersections begins to slope significantly up
Timothy Sackton: and comes to a sort of fissure where there's you can see light.
Timothy Sackton: There's a crack light shining in from above. It looks like some. The bottom of some additional minor sinkhole, or something like that passage does not continue. The other branch of this y
Timothy Sackton:  comes to a
Timothy Sackton: very large flat, open rock where water is dripping down, and it's like
Timothy Sackton: elaborate sort of one of these like II don't know. I forget what they're called, but like
Timothy Sackton: limestone formation was just like wave after wave of like limestone built up over time. That's all very smooth.
Timothy Sackton: Huge 40 feet across. Something like that, with wider dripping down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Faint echoes. Blowstone
Timothy Sackton: close down. That's what they call yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's also seekers. Mcmillan.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great Mc name
Eric Rosenbaum: closed down.
Timothy Sackton: But this again seems to be a dead end.
UU Church of Boulder: All right. I'll send it down the little tunnel as far as it can go
UU Church of Boulder: before we run. The little tunnel begins to
Timothy Sackton: now, after some time it begins to
Timothy Sackton: curve.
Timothy Sackton: So it's mostly heading west.
Timothy Sackton: It begins to curve north
Timothy Sackton: and begins to turn up. and at this point it's been an hour roughly, and
Timothy Sackton: these sense ends
UU Church of Boulder: alright. Well, I'll sketch it all out and relay all the details.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then does my? My! You know, cause Communist nature like that. It's got a really far range. I don't know if it's got like good resolution, like, am I able to kind of overlay like some of my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sense of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the weird otherness to that map.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so right it's got. I mean, it has a range of like 3 miles, right? So well in caves. It's raining just more limited. It's ranges limited to 300 feet in case
Timothy Sackton: and but but definitely  the sort of sense of otherness, the sense of the like strongest sense that you had is coming from almost directly north, like clearly down the path of the river.
Timothy Sackton:  it's it's a little bit beyond the sort of distance that the bat through on the rapids is kind of where you're you're getting that feeling from
Timothy Sackton:  like there's a per. That's where the sort of very strong influence of the elemental planes is
Timothy Sackton: kind of pinging your your senses.
and that's also where this sort of
Timothy Sackton: sense of isolation is. Those are co-located. The sort of sense of the elemental plans and the sense of isolation
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: communicate that the squad
Mike Sackton: think that's where we want to head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't you think so too definitely?
Mike Sackton: I mean, should we take out the boat? Isn't that gonna be the best way forward?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, I think so. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So anybody know how to sail about.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, Bobby does. Well, he's great at this kind of thing. Well, there, there you have it
Mike Sackton: right. Will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who? Yeah, who's got that thing were, were you carrying
UU Church of Boulder: this? This is the first time II will have done it underground. But
UU Church of Boulder: but it's probably basically the same thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we just need to not flip over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now. Now, founder, we're gonna be under Welby's command here, so you'll have to follow his instructions. Okay.
UU Church of Boulder:  alright. So pull out this little box.
UU Church of Boulder: and then start unfolding the thing and unfolding the thing until we end up with a
UU Church of Boulder: I think, a 10 foot by 4 foot boat more or less. Something like that. Where did we get this boat from again?
Mike Sackton: the bad guys, Cadmos.
UU Church of Boulder: We liberated it.
UU Church of Boulder: cursed in some way right
Mike Sackton: now. They used it right before we killed them. They didn't have time to curse it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's it's a it's a
Timothy Sackton: tiny bit of a tight squeeze with all of you, but not really too bad, because there's 2 dwarfs and a halfling. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's rough, really, it's really making room for the elf's ego. That's kind of a bigger. That's the challenge, right?
UU Church of Boulder: Or we, are we going to one of the tunnels, or are we going down past the rapids.
UU Church of Boulder: and if we're going. that's probably worth also asking how we're getting back in, I guess we can fly back out
Eric Rosenbaum: through the wrap. Whip!
Eric Rosenbaum:  Can we navigate the rapids in the boat, Captain Welby?
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great going upstream, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Upstream. We'll figure out when we're doing that.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, we can all fly back out of the tunnel, or we can get back to that fissure that
Eric Rosenbaum: plenty. And it was that
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim. Are the rapids inevitable in this boat.
Timothy Sackton:  yeah, like with with good
Timothy Sackton: happening for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and some good di rolling
UU Church of Boulder: excellent, and some good bardic inspiration
Eric Rosenbaum: on it.
Timothy Sackton: So you set sail. Fredrick is. Frederick is like tapping on the boat. He's like.
Timothy Sackton: that's that's a good trick. Where'd you get that? Who made that for you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Plain enemies?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, take take an f that bodies of our farmers so back by the tiller.
Timothy Sackton: So you set sail. or I guess you're I mean there's no wind here. Right? So you're presumably it has ors as well.
Timothy Sackton: And actually, you don't even really need or is, or sale. A current is fast enough. You just need to steer
Timothy Sackton:  so I'll be sitting back by the tiller.
Timothy Sackton: you know, keeping an eye out. It gets quite dark the minute you exit this large
Timothy Sackton: cavern like it. This would be pitch blackness if it wasn't for your dark vision.
Mike Sackton: we can
Mike Sackton: solve this easily. Not right? Then we still have some drift clubs.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if you want it brighter. Fadrick also has his his, you know. Flashlight stack. This is so cool we can all see in the dark now, but you can all see in the dark now.
Timothy Sackton:  So you begin to row. You begin to steer, and and you you you know you have this. This memory echo in your mind of the passages, and where the rapids come from?
Timothy Sackton: From the
Timothy Sackton: from your time inside the head of the bat. and so you're prepared. When you hit this patch where the boat begins to pick up speed.
Timothy Sackton:  darts pretty easy to navigate
Timothy Sackton: but quickly as it as the tunnel begins to curve slightly, make a
Timothy Sackton: guess this would be dexterity plus proficiency, because you're proficient and road handling.
UU Church of Boulder: That's 19.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, cause you cannot roll lower than a 10
Timothy Sackton:  so you begin to you
Timothy Sackton: while we're steering.
Timothy Sackton: catch catch the sort of, or that you're, you know the tiller briefly on a rock, and the boat begins to sort of help like this slightly, but you
Timothy Sackton: you catch it again.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: continue. Get past this this one rapid stretch.
Timothy Sackton: you've gone, you know, probably
Timothy Sackton: 500 feet a thousand feet. Something like that.
Timothy Sackton: You hit this
Timothy Sackton: reeve patch of calm.
Timothy Sackton: you hear this faint
Timothy Sackton: roaring noise in the distance, like an echoing sort of roar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like dying in pain, roar, or like a waterfall rover. or a home like a month, or
UU Church of Boulder: like wanting to eat something roar so real quick.
UU Church of Boulder: I grab the immovable rod. I slip a line over it, and I have it. Stop in place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brilliant anchoring. Okay. that wow!
Mike Sackton: Good job
Eric Rosenbaum: that stops us.
Timothy Sackton: You are now all sitting in a stop in an anchored boat.
Timothy Sackton: The water is sort of rushing past you on the sides.
Timothy Sackton: You're still in this tunnel like there's no
Timothy Sackton: space on either side. and now that you're stopped, and you can all focus all of you here, this
Timothy Sackton: sort of distant, thudding noise of
Timothy Sackton: a waterfall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! What do you think? Can we make it?
UU Church of Boulder: Do we know
UU Church of Boulder: that we're going in the right direction
UU Church of Boulder: like? Do we know that what we want
UU Church of Boulder: is any of this direction towards the waterfall rather than behind us. One of the passages.
Mike Sackton: I mean, how's that sense of loneliness?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This? It's this way.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think we can keep going.
Mike Sackton: But that was a good trick with the rod. Why don't we keep that? Well, hold on before we keep going like, how are we not gonna fall down the waterfall.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean. This is a great question. I,
Eric Rosenbaum: when we're part way down, just press the button on the rod.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then we'll hang.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just press the button again, and then press it again, and we'll just fall if you feed and then conk.
Eric Rosenbaum: or we could just featherfall.
UU Church of Boulder: Does that affect the boat, though. No, if we timed this perfectly, this would be pretty magical timing
UU Church of Boulder: the boat.
UU Church of Boulder: but we we jump as the boat goes over the waterfall. We have the boat fold up, we featherfall. We unfold the boat again, and we land in the boat at the bottom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very interesting idea! That sounds! Actually. II think, I think if Kenza takes the lead on the boat, folding and unfolding part as that's acrobatics. And then we just fall and got ourselves right in. I think that's
Eric Rosenbaum: we can always. These are.
Mike Sackton: Let's try it. I mean, what could go wrong?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it literally like a vertical waterfall, or like
Eric Rosenbaum: you can just hear it. You haven't. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: I can't.
UU Church of Boulder: I can't be sensed with another bat. Wait, hold on, I'll I'll wait. Are we we parked here? I'll send. I'll send a scout.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I animate the boat.
Mike Sackton: or is it too, bar? No, it's magical. You can't, and you can only animate non magical. Yeah, but you can animate like a normal boat.
Mike Sackton: I can send a scout.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because then it could fly, as all. Then the scout, but also, I think I think. You know we're 12 level adventurers, I think, thought jumping out of the I'm feather falling out of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the the boat, refolding it at the, but feels like we should be able to.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's like a you know. I mean, it's an amazing mental image. It's it's a little more elegant than what I proposed of going funk, but that would also work.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I can. I can send my little insect creature out to scout, and it'll come back right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That'll make it more successful. Cause then, if we know how far down it is all that you know, what's an insect that can.
Mike Sackton: There's gotta be some sort of cave cave moth that can scout. Well, what about that?
Mike Sackton: No, it has to be an insect.
Mike Sackton: No, it has dark vision. It doesn't matter, so I'll I'll I'll deal with will raise this, you know. Bring his hands up, and like a little sort of
Mike Sackton: ghostly off. But you know, like big.
gritty wings like Mafi kind of
Mike Sackton: appear, and it'll flutter down like whisper to it. It'll flutter off.
Mike Sackton: I'm just asking it. I'm asking it to go
Mike Sackton: down until the water goes over the cliff
Mike Sackton: right. then
Mike Sackton: go down the waterfall a little bit to the bottom.
Mike Sackton: and then come back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton:  flies away downstream.
Timothy Sackton: This fluttering moth
Timothy Sackton:  comes back
Timothy Sackton: maybe
Timothy Sackton: 15 min later.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't really have a clear way to communicate with you. Correct?
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: it's not like the sense I've always assumed. You could ask it like a couple of questions, understand the languages you speak, and it can sort of.
Timothy Sackton: but you can't see through it. Senses?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it's it's like, yes or no questions. Basically. Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: you know, how was was it a far drop, you know, is it a straight drop
Timothy Sackton:  mostly. Yes.
and
Eric Rosenbaum: addressed.
Mike Sackton:  Let's see, what would a moth understand in terms of distance?  Was it a very
Mike Sackton: was the fall.
Mike Sackton: Did it take a long time? Did it take minutes to get to the bottom?
No.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think we can do it. Yeah. Okay.
Was there any date? Did you sense any danger
Mike Sackton: there anything that scared you down there
Timothy Sackton: now
Eric Rosenbaum: thing that 8 months was done.
UU Church of Boulder: feeling calm at the bottom
Timothy Sackton: mostly
Eric Rosenbaum: would notice if there was light to fly towards.
Mike Sackton: You know, is there any light? That's a good question. Is it pure dark?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bye?
Mike Sackton: Alright, let's do it. I mean the MOS lasts for an hour. I'll keep it around.
Mike Sackton: We get it a fight. It's really actually pretty deadly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why is it deadly?
Mike Sackton: The moth
Mike Sackton: do like 2D. 8 damage, or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! Pretty awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey? Metigame? Question. How like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  you had ice cream in the freezer like, how many months would it be okay to still eat ice cream like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 5 months? Very metagame
Mike Sackton: things don't really go bad in freezers. They just taste they just because it. If it's like covered with a sheet of ice, it might not taste good.
Mike Sackton: But if you don't care that much, I don't think it's gonna hurt you unless it's like Pre covid
Eric Rosenbaum: and refrozen, it could actually go bad, but is good as long as it stayed frozen the entire time it it'll be fine.
Mike Sackton: Alright, plus a lot of food doesn't really go bad. It's all a mess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, thanks. Guys
Mike Sackton: got some experimental ice cream. I'm Gonna try hopefully, we're not wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What? Flavor
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: B cubed from Tuscany. Oh, my God. yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, II need to feed the cats in half an hour also.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you proceed forward.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yes.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah. I think, Kenzo, you're on
UU Church of Boulder: boat duty, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, we're doing. Yeah, yeah. Definitely
Mike Sackton: dealt with his on backup plan. Cast fly
Eric Rosenbaum: while we're in the air. But
Mike Sackton: I mean, as long as we
Timothy Sackton: as well as the your feather falling
Mike Sackton: like. Yeah. The plan is to featherfall correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mcconza is gonna fold up the boat and unfold it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: acrobatically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I roll? Should I roll acrobatics, Tim?
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one moment.
Timothy Sackton: okay, so you continue down the
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's not a great. That's that's not a great sign.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you said, hold on for a minute, so that one all doesn't count. That totally doesn't count.
Mike Sackton: Wait!
Mike Sackton: Nobody out he rolled in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  acrobatics check! Go, kids! No, but that didn't. That didn't count, he said. Hold on a minute, so
Timothy Sackton: it takes about 10 min
Timothy Sackton: for the boat.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Timothy Sackton: you know, for you to navigate the boat through this tunnel, and
Timothy Sackton: and you now see, as you're approaching the waterfall, the current picks up again, and you can hear this roar
Timothy Sackton: in the distance, and there are.
Timothy Sackton: you're sort of what you're preparing yourself. You're getting ready to just like shoot over the edge right
Timothy Sackton: as you're like speeding by. You see that there's like a landing spot on the. There's like a big open area on the
UU Church of Boulder: top of the waterfall like a tunnel that goes off to the west. I'm gonna make a hard, hard turn and landing and move abroad.
Timothy Sackton: Make a make a dexter check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Timothy Sackton: click the immovable rod about 2 s too late.
Timothy Sackton: It's not something you're proficient in, so you can't use reliable talent and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the bow inspiration as a reaction.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does it work, Tim?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, we've gone back and forth. We have been doing it as a reaction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't even see the the 120, I see it. I see it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, if you wanna use the bride inspiration. Yeah, with a brideg inspiration. Yes, I think I think this is the time for that
Timothy Sackton: roll. A. D. 10.
UU Church of Boulder: Am I rolling it?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. Alright, alright, alright. We just work whatever's happening now for sure. Okay, we can always go back to planning.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're we're we're committed.
Mike Sackton: Is it worth escaping? And whether you guys fall down?
UU Church of Boulder: No, no, I think we're okay. I activated the rod. It was just too big.
Timothy Sackton: So you're you're like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, you're you see this sort of open area to the left, just as you're speeding up to shoot over the waterfall. And Bobby like jams the oar into the
Timothy Sackton: into the water and tries to turn the boat and clicks. The tries to click the immovable rod basically to just stop you suddenly.
Timothy Sackton: But as you're trying to do all this at once, you
Timothy Sackton: just click it like a second after the boat shoots over the edge.
Timothy Sackton: So now the boat is falling. Well, these
Timothy Sackton: hanging in the air like this, and everybody else is falling
Timothy Sackton: with the boat.
Timothy Sackton: But Robbie is just hanging here. Yeah, you can still feather acrobatics check for folding the boat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I'm nervous now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. 25.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So undeterred by Wellbe's like sudden
Timothy Sackton:  change of the plans, you as as you fall you see the boat, and you just reach that. You shout the command word.
Timothy Sackton: Welby is still hanging up there in the sky. You reach down! Shout the command word, and as the boat is folding up, you grab it and toss it.
Timothy Sackton: trying to like aim to to
Timothy Sackton: shout the command word again, so that it will land properly. Make a
Timothy Sackton: make a dexterity check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 21.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, not to say. But I check, but it's it doesn't matter. That would be like a 16 or something. So you aim it perfectly, and you shout the command word, and you, and the boat like opens up
Timothy Sackton: right at your feet, while I'll be, of course, still hanging in the sky on the rod. Everybody else trying to now aim
Timothy Sackton: to land on the boat
Timothy Sackton: beneath your feet
Timothy Sackton: everybody make an acrobatics check, including Feldrick
Timothy Sackton: Yup. This might go poorly. He does have a minus one to acrobatics. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: wait. Where did folder exhale? Go?
Timothy Sackton: Oops. Okay. He rolled. A one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inspire him. Or is that not even worth doing? Because over one.
Timothy Sackton: It's like, how bad is it? That's pretty bad, I mean, he's like he's like
Timothy Sackton: falling like 10 feet away from the boat.
UU Church of Boulder: less to him or something, or
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I can grab him. He's going in the water.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker is also missing the boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: the DC. DC. 12.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, man that hard to check. But So here's here's what happens.
Timothy Sackton: You hear 2 splashes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be looking down from above.
Timothy Sackton: There's this big, there's actually a big lake. So you now actually see for the first time, like this waterfall cascade down into a pretty large lake.
Timothy Sackton:  that almost fills this like pretty substantial chamber like maybe 60 feet across, and you can see just at the edge of your dark vision like a on the western side. There's a there's a a shore here as well.
Timothy Sackton:  Robby is hanging
Timothy Sackton: maybe fif 40 feet in the air, the waterfalls not super high. It was about 45 50 feet. Bobby's hanging 50 feet in the air above this lake, and you can see
Timothy Sackton: dealt with, and and Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: more or less gracefully. Well. Kenzo incredibly, gracefully dealt with slightly less gracefully.  land!
Timothy Sackton: feather falling onto the surface of the folding boat, and then you hear
Timothy Sackton: the 2 like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, when your father falling, you're moving, moving pretty slowly right? So it's
Timothy Sackton: it's not even like a big splash from a dive. It's more like kind of
Timothy Sackton: gently sliding into the water. The plop as the 2 dwarves go in the lake?
Timothy Sackton:  12. Do we need to spend seeker seeker? Maybe. you know, 5 feet from the boat. Fadrick maybe 15 feet from the boat.
Timothy Sackton:  And as you watch this  you see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: forming in the water but
Timothy Sackton: beginning to sort of emerge out from the water. New creatures that look like
Timothy Sackton: lottery
Timothy Sackton: flying mantarins.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and everybody will initiate them. But they're friendly.
Eric Rosenbaum: This wasn't supposed to happen. I have to feed the cat.
Timothy Sackton: You can. You can go feed the cat now.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, maybe better to do it now rather than why is this not okay. Hold on here.
Eric Rosenbaum:  is that okay? It's like a 5 min break.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, let's let's take a
UU Church of Boulder: I need to. I didn't make any battle maps in advance. I need to draw something, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. See you at like tenfold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  okay. Well, Kenza can walk on water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Mike Sackton: That's useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very useful. Oh, I've got a fucking cloak of the matter. Ray fuck. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Also useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Super useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love being twelfth level.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's pretty. They're in the middle of the water. What can I do?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me just draw something here. This will be pretty rough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And with cloak of the manta ray. Can I still like Punch? And you know, attack and stuff in the water?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, as normal?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cluck the manor rice suite.
Timothy Sackton: so will say that
Timothy Sackton: cavern and someone that's not talking about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, in one piece.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a giant like, you know the leviathan in in A
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and mawar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, there's actually a like a giant restaurant called the Bantiya. It's like a huge fish that's like it's like, it's a little that's all like, you guys know how to walk. It's like, it's like this, cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's it's it's so tallard. It's awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like ocean. Talgar. It's very malla.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's it? on Netflix?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's it's really, it's really, it's really fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow. So ice cream is from February. And it's still good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, ice cream doesn't really go bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So very lucky right now.
Timothy Sackton: This doesn't look amazing, but that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if I have a token, for I didn't make any tokens here.
Timothy Sackton: no, I've got a minute.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I gotta check something here.
Mike Sackton: They're swimming like in the water.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you, Bobby, I think, is the only one who's seen them.
Mike Sackton: Web.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we, I think, is the only one who has a high enough passive perception to exceed them.
Timothy Sackton: 15. Kenzo is
Timothy Sackton: 13. Yeah, Bobby is the only one who's doing them. So everybody else is surprised.
Timothy Sackton: Where are the Pcs. So I'll try and put everybody where they are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
Timothy Sackton:  a
Timothy Sackton: where is doing?
Timothy Sackton: The Doweth and Kenzo are on the boat.
Timothy Sackton:  Seeker is
Timothy Sackton: 5 feet away from the boat.
Timothy Sackton: and oh.
Timothy Sackton: Aldrich, where is contract.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Frederick is 10 feet away from Seeker.
Timothy Sackton: I think it would be. And then the boat.
Timothy Sackton:  yes.
Timothy Sackton: these posts look terrible.
UU Church of Boulder: How was the ice cream
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking. Destroy it so good. Have you ever had a tasmaninis B cube
Mike Sackton: now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah. You gotta try it. Brown sugar,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: round sugar. brownie and brown butter.
UU Church of Boulder: So really good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's fucking amazing. It's like, honestly like the best I can remember had my entire life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm like, gonna eat the whole client. It's ridiculous!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is like the unhealthiest dinner I've ever had. I've had it like in like recent memory.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Next place, taken to sub ice cream. Oh, and what?
Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'm back here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So brief reminder. We talked in Alexandria briefly about
Timothy Sackton: minion rules. So some of these monsters are some of the creatures you may encounter quite
Timothy Sackton: soon. Our minions minions work.
Timothy Sackton: if they take any damage.
Okay
Timothy Sackton: from failing a saving throw
Timothy Sackton: or from being hit with an attack.
Timothy Sackton: they die.
Timothy Sackton: Each minion has a certain number of hit points.
Timothy Sackton: If you do more damage than their hip points. the access damage carries over to the next meeting. So if a minion has 10 hit points.
Timothy Sackton: you whack it with your staff.
Timothy Sackton: and you do 15 points of damage, then you kill that minion, and you do 5 points of damage to another minion within your reach.
Timothy Sackton: since they automatically die if they're hit by an attack.
Timothy Sackton: That means that minion auto dies. So you kill 2 minions. If you did 21 points of damage in one attack you could kill 3.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is like matrix 2 and 3, where, like Neo is fighting like a million.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Right? Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Right? The the point of minions is that they're
Timothy Sackton: they. They can conceivably do a decent amount of damage when they're all grouped up, but they go down quickly when
Eric Rosenbaum:  when you hit, ask them.
Timothy Sackton: but if they
Timothy Sackton: they're not on there yet
Timothy Sackton: also, Frederick. Well, not a commoner is not
Timothy Sackton: nearly as strong as you.
Timothy Sackton: So keeping him alive might be a
UU Church of Boulder: early priority, although he's not totally helpless. He's got some magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I mean, did dwarfs know how to swim? Do I know how to swim? Does he know how to swim?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, also, couldn't we? Turn them into like a giant, you know, fucking shark or something like that, shouldn't we do that?
Mike Sackton: I mean, we should see if these guys seem dangerous first, right
Eric Rosenbaum: at the moment, the only one who's seen anybody anything as well be who's paying
Timothy Sackton: I above everything nobody else has noticed these things emerging from the water. I didn't quite manage my final. So okay, I didn't manage to make a token for
Timothy Sackton:  or the minions. So the minions are just gonna look like blank token list features. And that's how you how you'll know our minions.
Timothy Sackton:  because
I also had a busy week, busy week and was unable to.
Timothy Sackton: So these things that are just
Umhm.
Timothy Sackton: just a little
Timothy Sackton: squares. Will be things that you know, are minions.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So
Timothy Sackton: let me grab everybody's initiative roles.
Timothy Sackton:  let's do
Timothy Sackton: oof
Timothy Sackton:  Sorry. Where did everybody seeker was
Timothy Sackton: a 9. And so.
Timothy Sackton: Khan, where do you draw for initiative?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  22.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Deal with 10.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Welby, where did you roll?
UU Church of Boulder: 20?
Timothy Sackton:  okay.
Timothy Sackton: And follow direct is going to go after dealt with or sorry after seeker. Also in the 9. Okay, Kenzo, you don't notice anything. You are surprised.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be. You see all of this emerging below you before they even get a chance to act. You see these 2 manta late ray like creatures
Timothy Sackton: emerging from the water but in the depths below them there seems to be a larger shape.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton:  starting to starting to sort of spawn like little bits of mist off of the surf off of the foam from the waterfall you see.
Timothy Sackton: or 5 like small little kinds of lacks of of
Timothy Sackton: of waves, and these other minions that are that are beginning to form and head towards your companions.
UU Church of Boulder: All right, you have got the jump on them. I would do a couple of things first I will shout and say. between you and the shore, there's stuff coming out of the water. Watch out also. Don't let the dwarves drown. That went less well than I expected.
UU Church of Boulder: And then I will climb up on top of the immovable rod and shoot one of manta rays.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: that
UU Church of Boulder: I'm good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I picture that the the rod is vertical, and you sort of like, pull yourself up and kind of double click it while misses on it.
UU Church of Boulder: and I guess that is all I'm doing this round.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton:  But now the rest of you
Timothy Sackton: you know, although surprise. Now see these things emerging out of the water.
Timothy Sackton: And the the 2 sort of manta ray creatures begin to fly up on the on the surface
Timothy Sackton:  and both of them
Timothy Sackton: so so this one flies. Let's see one.
Timothy Sackton: 2, 3, right here towards it's right in the middle of of the 3 of you, and then the steam begins to sprout off of that
Timothy Sackton: and everybody needs to make a constitution saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's why.
Timothy Sackton: from blistering steam
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker. You take 9 points of damage dealt with. You take 9 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dennis. 9. You take 18 points of damage, and the steam splashes into your eyes, temporarily blinding, you rude plus.
Timothy Sackton: and Frederick takes 18 points of damage and is also temporarily blinded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're being punished for going on a sidewalk
Timothy Sackton: and then it is going to
Timothy Sackton: still flying. Come here and whip its tail around striking twice at
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: That's a miss. and hit
Timothy Sackton: so as its tail whips across and and hits you, it does 7 points of lightning damage, and it pushes you 10 feet away from it into the water.
Timothy Sackton: Wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is it? Where is it? It's right now, it's next to seeker. But it's
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And the second one is gonna do the exact same thing, except it's not going to
Timothy Sackton: blast scalding theme instead, it's just gonna make 2 attacks on deal with.
Mike Sackton: That's an 18 which I think misses. Is that right? Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And natural? 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's that? So pushed
Timothy Sackton: 10 foot range of their tails? You're also pushed into the water. and you take 14 points of lightning damage.
Timothy Sackton: and that will end their turns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, was that blinding like magical, blinding.
Timothy Sackton: It's it's temporary. It's just it's just hot water splashed into your eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but life for one turn.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wait. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The what this water elemental now swims up
Eric Rosenbaum: and surrounding seeker
and
Timothy Sackton: tries to oat tries to just overwhelm you. Seeker, you have to make a strength saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's totally my. This is where I shine with my minus one. Here.
UU Church of Boulder: Umhm.
Timothy Sackton: you are
Timothy Sackton: grappled and surrounded by water as the water elemental swims up into your space and wraps itself around you.
Eric Rosenbaum:  yes.
Timothy Sackton: and you also take 13 points of bludgeoning damage.
Timothy Sackton: and you are restrained and unable to breathe unless you can breathe water.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I can breathe
Timothy Sackton:  these
Timothy Sackton: 4 sparks, 5 sparks. This one can't quite get into range. This one's just gonna dash.
Timothy Sackton: but the other 4 are gonna make an attack on sorry 3.
Timothy Sackton: No, that one can get into range are gonna make an attack on baldrick attempting to push him underwater.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got misses. Wait! He's not in the water.
Timothy Sackton: No, he is in the water. He's
Timothy Sackton: spreading water on the surface. They're trying to kind of drown them, I see, I see. But they missed. They rolled poorly.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Aldrich Aldrich
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo, you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Am I still blind?
Timothy Sackton: You're blind until the end of your next term? So at the end of this term you are no longer blind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I could do cleansing. Touch on myself. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't really accomplish much, because it's an action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you already could do an action right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In that case, you still you can still hear you still know where things are. You just have disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: just don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey? I'm gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quote with the mandarin myself and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which I think if I were smart I would have put that on at some point earlier, since we're on a river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  and I'm going to go and attack bucket man. I'll come and attack the watermelon water elemental.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Slide up over here. So let's get disadvantage on my attacks.
Timothy Sackton: Yup
Eric Rosenbaum: hope!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, interesting! I can't soul-site while I'm blind. Huh?
Timothy Sackton: A no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is Salsa like an aura based thing, or is it like a but it's a creature you can see, and you can't see any creatures right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, I'm gonna do shoot through like monk style and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: attacking with my staff. but without any
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: add any vision at disadvantage. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and 24 that still hence. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing 10 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Second attack with my staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 24,
Eric Rosenbaum: that still hits. Wow! Nice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing 13 damage, and then unarmed strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So 12
Timothy Sackton: 12 misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! Also pretty good, though I hit 5 out of 6 times.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: even blind, incredible.
Timothy Sackton: So while V is up again.
Mike Sackton: how deep is the water here?
Timothy Sackton: Extremely deep. You cannot see the bottom. It could be infinitely deep, for all you know. What.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright, I'm gonna fly over to shore
UU Church of Boulder: and shoot. This is short, right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's sure.
UU Church of Boulder:  And actually, I'm gonna put myself like there. And now
UU Church of Boulder: am I gonna do myself here?
UU Church of Boulder: And no, I keep waffling. I'm putting myself there once and for all. And I'm shooting at the the minions, the row of minions that are there.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you can kill all 3 of them
UU Church of Boulder: hopefully.
Eric Rosenbaum: Put one arrow through all 3. You could do it.
Timothy Sackton: Bad hats.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is well, we were talking about
UU Church of Boulder:  sure
UU Church of Boulder: damage.
UU Church of Boulder: And this is fine.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, so that is 26 altogether
Timothy Sackton: hits one which bursts into a splash of water, and your air continues
Timothy Sackton: and hits the second one, which also bursts into a splash of water, but it does not quite have enough penetrating power to destroy third minion as well.
Timothy Sackton:  okay. That ends well. Eastern
Mike Sackton: this Manta Ray here is now going to hey? Did you skip, Deleth?
Timothy Sackton: You were surprised.
Mike Sackton: How did Kenza? Oh, Kenza wasn't surprised. Kenza is at the top of the initiative. He will the 22 for initiatives. So now we're on round 2,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Wellbe's got 2 turns, because Welby was the one who was not surprised because he has a passive perception of 26. So you basically cannot surprise me.
Timothy Sackton:  the.
Timothy Sackton: this essence here is going to
Timothy Sackton:  move to continue
Timothy Sackton: move here.
Timothy Sackton: move here, and it's going to
Timothy Sackton: now smash you down with with 2
Timothy Sackton: blasts of its
Timothy Sackton: of its watery wings the first one
Timothy Sackton: hitting with a 20, the second with a 24
Timothy Sackton:  so that's a total of
Timothy Sackton: 15 points of damage. And as this, these
Timothy Sackton: wings sort of buffet you back.
Timothy Sackton: You are not prone, although
Timothy Sackton: I'm not sure what effect that has, as you're pro presumably already prone in the water.
Timothy Sackton: so maybe that has no effect. Really.
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe you briefly done that
Timothy Sackton: briefly, Dunk underwater maybe. this one is going to move in towards Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: and again make 2 attacks.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, with advantage. Because oh, no, you're not blind anymore, because it's after the end of your term. So not with advantage. Still a 20 that hits, and then the second rule
Timothy Sackton: is a 14 which misses.
Timothy Sackton: So you take 6 points of blood agent damage. But you're not knocked briefly underwater as it did not hit you with both attacks.
Timothy Sackton: The water elemental containing seeker is going to dive straight down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: and at the same time crush seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that seems good. II have very delicate dealing 12 points of
Timothy Sackton: bludgeoning damage
Timothy Sackton: as it constricts you and moves
Timothy Sackton:  now
Timothy Sackton: 40 feet underwater or 30 feet underwater. It moves no 40 feet underwater. It moves half speed, cause it's dragging you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Timothy Sackton: There are only 3 sparks left. They're gonna attempt again to drag Fadrick underwater
Timothy Sackton: natural one.
Timothy Sackton: and that brings us to Doweth.
Mike Sackton:  Think of your next. Then, Fuldrick.
Eric Rosenbaum: I even do. I'm under water. Jesus. I can cast a spell, I guess.
Mike Sackton: Do you have? Any way you can cast us?
Timothy Sackton: You can cast a spell.
Timothy Sackton:  you currently can't breathe, and you're holding your breath.
Timothy Sackton: So if you cast a spell that requires talking, you're gonna be immediately suffocated, which means you have like 3 rounds until you go unconscious.
Mike Sackton:  what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: you ungra yourself. I'm gonna cast.
Mike Sackton: It's 60. It's less than 60 feet away. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's it's just about sick. It's just exactly 60 feet away. Banish on this one and this one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: charisma safe. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: not
Timothy Sackton: a strong suit
Timothy Sackton:  natural 19 for the manta ray thing. 7, for the
Timothy Sackton: water elemental
Timothy Sackton: vanishes which vanishes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm suddenly released. But I'm deep underwater. You are 40 feet underwater, and you are suddenly released.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow! Powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's crazy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome. What is gonna do is your turn?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's my turn. So
Eric Rosenbaum: right? You see, this water elemental dive with seeker kicking and screaming under the water, splashing, and then suddenly goes silent as sploop I fall under, but then
Eric Rosenbaum: yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: its presence vanishes. Thanks, Adela's magic, and you expect to see seeker's head
Eric Rosenbaum: and beard pop up out of the water. But first you see strangely
Eric Rosenbaum: a pair of spikes, followed by a set of rungs as the animated ladder straight up out of the water, pulling seeker behind it.
Eric Rosenbaum:  What is the latter's speed?
Eric Rosenbaum: Does that? Can it swim?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, does it need to be able to swim?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I just pop in the water?
Timothy Sackton: You can't fly in water
Timothy Sackton: that's called swimming. You need a swim speed to be able to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's 30, so foot fly 30 foot
Timothy Sackton: speed. I do not think the latter can swim, so if you animate it. 40 feet underwater it is going to sink.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Boo! Instead, I'll have to swim up
Eric Rosenbaum: holding it and then animate it at the surface.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, although you can only swim
Timothy Sackton: half your speed
Eric Rosenbaum: because you don't have a swimsuit so you can move.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot get to the surface in one turn. Oh, my speed is 25. Yeah, so you can swim up about 10 feet.
Mike Sackton: Just cast the mentioned to her. I mean
Timothy Sackton: also just cast dimension door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anywhere to
and
Mike Sackton: right there? Well, Whileby is standing on the shore?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and I can dimension door some ways. I can't see. I guess that's what I have to do.
Mike Sackton: I mean. I don't know if it's worth it, but it seems like a convenient way to get out of the mess.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was hoping to rescue Fuldrick also.
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Eric Rosenbaum: mentioned during the feels like a reasonable seeker move.
and
Eric Rosenbaum: I will cast dimension door. Oh, you know what wait is falter. Hold on! All done
Mike Sackton: is Fauldrick he's not really fighting right?
Mike Sackton: He's just swimming there. He hasn't even had a turn yet. He's he's got these 3. Never mind, I can't. I can't. Never mind, never mind, I can't. I forgot he can't cast 2 level spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you we don't actually see circus seeker surface at all. He just pops out of the water over here on the shore.
Eric Rosenbaum:  yeah, just a straight line over there.
Timothy Sackton: Frederick.
Timothy Sackton: is like treading water on the surface of  of the
Timothy Sackton: of the water. and looks like he's kind of
Timothy Sackton: He almost looks like he's enjoying himself a little bit. Let's see how far is the way, and he
Timothy Sackton: pauses for a moment, and you can see he grabs. He like grabs one of the little
Timothy Sackton: glittering beads in his beard, and he like, holds it up and gives it a little kiss, and he vanishes and reappears
Timothy Sackton: on the boat
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on the button.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Patrick Rocks.
Timothy Sackton: And can you make it? Let's see if he can make
Timothy Sackton:  Actually it.
Timothy Sackton: you know what he's gonna vanish and reappear. He's gonna copy seeker.
Timothy Sackton: He's gonna vanish. He reappears right there and then he like steps on to land, and then he turns around and takes his his silver cane, and he like holds it up.
Timothy Sackton: He points it out. One of these sparks on this, like bolt of fire, comes flying out of that.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see as a bolt of fire comes flying out there, please, like ruins carved at the end of his cane. That light up as it comes flying out of the end.
Eric Rosenbaum: So those beads are in sections. Wow!
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: blows that one up.
Timothy Sackton: and that ends Fuldrick's turn.
Timothy Sackton: bringing us to the top of the round. Will be in Kenzo
UU Church of Boulder: and the first.
Timothy Sackton: so you can see now you are no longer blind.
Timothy Sackton: Watermelon is gone on. There's still this manta ray creature next to you.
Timothy Sackton: and there's these 2 sort of wave creatures floating above the surface of the water. I will take out the the mantra ray next to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First staff attack 26
Timothy Sackton: that it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing 7 damage. Second staff is back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 16
Timothy Sackton: 16 hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing 8 damage, and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learners strike 13
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13 misses. I'll use a key to do an extra flurry of blows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Natural, 20 bad. It's 2D. 8
14 damage!
Timothy Sackton: So as you've pounded into this manta ray like bits of water are flying off of its wings. It's beginning to it certainly looks like you've chipped away at some of its essence.
Timothy Sackton:  as
Timothy Sackton: well be.
UU Church of Boulder: but take steady aim
UU Church of Boulder:  wait! Both of the manta rays are injured or yeah, both of them are are injured. The one next to Kenzo. No, no, the one next to
Timothy Sackton: Dallas is not injured, or with the one next to Kenzo, I'll take steady aim and try to finish off the one next to Kenzo.
UU Church of Boulder: Nice aiming, hey? Yeah. there it is.
UU Church of Boulder: So that is.
Timothy Sackton: that is not quite enough to finish it off, but mostly like a
UU Church of Boulder: Did you double it, Tim?
Timothy Sackton: Do you get that? Didn't seem to roll your crick damage. You have to roll another. You gotta roll your crick damage. I don't! I don't. You don't double it. You roll another 76 roll another 76. Alright.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, 76. Okay, that does been a shit.
Timothy Sackton: So while these arrow, perfectly aimed, strikes this water creature in front of Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: and it just again for the second time. This combat of of creature of what are just. explodes into a sort of light mist as well. These arrows strikes it
Timothy Sackton: that brings us the one next to Kent. What next to deal with is going to again make a pair of
Timothy Sackton:  weighing bludgeoning attacks on you.
Timothy Sackton: That is a 26,
Timothy Sackton: add a natural one. So you take 9 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: concentration
Mike Sackton: and roll again. I thought, wait! Is that good enough?
Timothy Sackton: No. And the water elemental returns.
Mike Sackton: and you wonder why I wanted a plus one A/C Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I got out of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why is a watermelon about
Mike Sackton: transportation sales on the
Eric Rosenbaum: but banishment. That's bad luck, though, like
Mike Sackton: with advantage, you should almost always make those and brutal
Mike Sackton: the fact that yes, and with a 20 A/Ca creature shouldn't hit me 5 times out of 6.
Mike Sackton: But yes, it's a lot of bad luck. How much damage did I take?
Timothy Sackton: 6, 7, 7 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the water elemental is now going to.
Timothy Sackton: Why can't I?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it deep underwater still, or somewhere else?
Timothy Sackton: But it appears right where it vanished? So it's 45 feet underwater.
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: it has a 90 foot swim speed.
Timothy Sackton: So it is going to let me see if it gets its well in the back. No, it does not get its one back, and it's gonna swim up underneath, Kenzo, and make 2 slam attacks
Timothy Sackton: on Ken Sound. What's your A/C.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18. Both slam attacks, Miss Nice. We can do. The 2 remaining sparks are now gonna fly over here
Timothy Sackton: to towards Kenzo and attempt to push him underwater
Timothy Sackton: with their swamp attack their
Timothy Sackton: that is a 9 that also misses.
Timothy Sackton: and that brings us to Dallas.
Mike Sackton: I guess I will attack
Mike Sackton: thing in front of me. I don't really know.
Timothy Sackton:  so you are still in the water. Guess I'll climb on the boat fine.
Timothy Sackton: The first one hits the second one that was damage.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike Sackton: yeah. So that hits plus more than it's more than that. I just don't know how to make it work
Timothy Sackton: seeker, you're next.
Mike Sackton: it's actually 60. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: that also hits.
Mike Sackton: So plus 14,
Mike Sackton: 30 days. Got it.
Timothy Sackton: So 2 sword strikes on this on this creature.
Timothy Sackton:  as again like water begins to fly out, splashing away from it.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker! What are you doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Or past psychic glance? A beam of energy shoots from Seeker's forehead at the water. Elemental
Timothy Sackton: intelligence, save that's gonna be a challenge. with its minus 3.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: That's a negative one.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think it made it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the secret. Gann hit points.
Timothy Sackton: No, it takes 41 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: it is stuck. It is
Timothy Sackton: incapacitated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  until this
Timothy Sackton: starting, your next turn. Is that correct?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Frederick is going to seeing his opportunity. Take aim. So everybody. So this is basically everybody has advantage on it. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, look at the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton:  is that? What is wanna double double check?
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it's incapacitated. So
Timothy Sackton: this is.
Timothy Sackton: it can't take in back actions or reactions. oh, no, it just means it can't take actions or reactions. It's not stunned. Stunned also gives disadvantage or advantage on
Timothy Sackton: the tackles. But I can't do anything until the end of your next term.
Timothy Sackton: Frederick, still seeing his opportunity, is going to
Timothy Sackton: take a to blast away at
Timothy Sackton:  the water elemental with his wand, his
Timothy Sackton: fire cane
Timothy Sackton: which is going to do?
Timothy Sackton:  Wait! Hold on.
Timothy Sackton: that's gonna do
Timothy Sackton: 23 points and of damage.
Timothy Sackton:  And that brings us to Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, then finish this dude off
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: these tests.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14.
Timothy Sackton: 14. Just hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Offer 14. Damage. Love that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: second attack.
Timothy Sackton: 23. That's that. It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the 12 damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unarmed. Strike. Oh, 11
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on strike 11 misses. I'll use another key to do another attack. 19.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or 7 damaged.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, with that hit water. Elemental dissipates as Kenza's final punch
Timothy Sackton:  causes it to
Timothy Sackton: yeah. Vanish in a
Timothy Sackton: burst of water. Welby turns around, sees
Timothy Sackton: just one manta ray and 2 sort of wave sparks left.
UU Church of Boulder: We'll take steady hand at that manta ray and shoot the thing.
Timothy Sackton: 27 hits
UU Church of Boulder: right?
UU Church of Boulder: 34.
Timothy Sackton: Again taking a huge chunk of its
Timothy Sackton: of its essence off, but not quite managing to destroy it. With this turn it turns and uses its
Timothy Sackton:  wings again to batter.
Timothy Sackton: Doweth
Timothy Sackton: 18.
Timothy Sackton: It's for the first attack and 21 for the second attack.
Timothy Sackton: So that's 5 points of damage. And since you only hit once, you are not knocked prone or pushed. Yeah, I'm with this attack. and that ends.
Timothy Sackton: It's turned water elementals dead. These 2
Timothy Sackton: remaining minions are gonna attempt to again drag
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo underwater, and they have rolled terribly tonight. That's a 14 which misses. I don't think they've done anything
Timothy Sackton: brings us to deal with.
Mike Sackton: I will attack it.
Timothy Sackton: Got it?
Mike Sackton: Is that close to that?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  Where do you 13? Kill it.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: okay. Then I will
Mike Sackton: go attack the minions
Mike Sackton: and attack them from the water
Timothy Sackton: you'd have disadvantage because you don't have a swim speed.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, whatever.
Mike Sackton: I'm not gonna hit because I rolled one misses
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I don't know. I don't have much to do. is baldrick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. He's injured.
Mike Sackton: That was horribly badly injured. That was got hit like 15 times
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how many points
Mike Sackton: 30 hit points left?
Eric Rosenbaum: It took 50 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: apparently an is pointless.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I be okay. There's nothing left but like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you get
Timothy Sackton: Fuldrek will again take between Frederick Kenzo and
Timothy Sackton: and wellbe, these 2
Timothy Sackton: die quickly, and you are able to scramble back onto the boat, and I presume, drag it to shore.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you find yourself now standing
Timothy Sackton: on.
Timothy Sackton: Change up the music here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Many of you seen creatures like that before
Timothy Sackton: you. You seen water elementals before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, we did fight them in the that that Internet dimensional pit thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, there's some cavern. Oh, we fought them a couple of times right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and you don't miss his tower. I remember in you. Domestic tower.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that was like, yes, but we also fought them when there was that the pandemonium thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wasn't there? We were like, we're like in some cavern, and there was like leaking stuff, and there was like a water. Those are oozes
Timothy Sackton:  similar, but similar kind of but
Timothy Sackton: different.
Timothy Sackton:  anyway, you find yourself now standing on
Timothy Sackton: the shore of this cave.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: water itself is like ere now that you've gotten the boat off. It's eerily calm, although.
Timothy Sackton: the the
Timothy Sackton: river still, you know, is flowing out. There's like barely a wave sort of lapping on the shore here.
Timothy Sackton:  With things quiet now, like looking around.
Timothy Sackton: you know it's completely dark. No, no light whatsoever. There is a
Timothy Sackton: Exit like a
Timothy Sackton: like not a not like a natural cavern, but like a carved passageway
Timothy Sackton: that leads out from this
Timothy Sackton: chamber like right, like, right about sort of here. Type of thing.
Timothy Sackton: that's like a big carved arch
Timothy Sackton: caught out of the stalling.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the carving style
Eric Rosenbaum: we're then?
Timothy Sackton: II mean, it's like it's like a. It's like, you know, rough hewn rock. II don't know that there's a well, I mean, go ahead and make
Timothy Sackton: I guess a history check.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's it's sort of hard. I mean, it's not. There's not a lot of detail here, right? It's
Eric Rosenbaum: like, I mean, you're sort of recovering briefly on the shore.
Timothy Sackton: You know, looking, seeing like there's a pretty.
Timothy Sackton: The lake itself is pretty big, and this sort of stone sloping shore that goes up to the wall is pretty long, and you're just kind of looking at this
Timothy Sackton: hole. This passageway sort of carved into the into the wall of the cavern.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza gives gives Frederick a tap with his app.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How are you feeling about adventuring so far. Padre?
Timothy Sackton: That was pretty good.
Timothy Sackton:  should have brought some healing potions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got some healing cushions.
Timothy Sackton: You do.
Timothy Sackton: Wonderful! I knew you'd come prepared.
Timothy Sackton: can do a few things here and there, but hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's not so much of a healer.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, the the face step! Yeah. I picked that up when I was traveling in the fey wild.
Timothy Sackton: Hard to do, though I can only do it once.
Timothy Sackton: Gotta sleep again before I can do it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: A nice move!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice move, indeed!
Timothy Sackton: So what do we do now?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I don't know
UU Church of Boulder: we got a we got a real quick Co, grab the rod
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: how are we gonna get that floating up there, isn't it? Looks up? Oh, yeah, hmm! That's pretty far away, isn't it?
UU Church of Boulder: I'll fly over there.
UU Church of Boulder: So yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: Wings sprout from the back right slap up and grab the rod and fly back down again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Patrick. I thought we were gonna encounter stone
Eric Rosenbaum: and air elementals down here. Not water.
Timothy Sackton: hey? That's what I thought. Oh, I told you that?
Timothy Sackton:  I guess I was wrong.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Learn something new every day. Maybe there's stone elementals up ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe this place isn't what we thought it was at all
Timothy Sackton: that could be
Timothy Sackton: hard to know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's why we adventure, isn't it?
Eric Rosenbaum: How's your bird doing?
UU Church of Boulder: A says, well, be
Timothy Sackton: reaches into his like, takes it out of his like backpack.
Eric Rosenbaum: A a little wet.
Timothy Sackton: Still can't fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
UU Church of Boulder: so see what's over there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should
Timothy Sackton: lead the way.
UU Church of Boulder:  I guess.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, we will lead the way.
UU Church of Boulder: watching out for elementals and death traps and waterfalls.
Timothy Sackton: So as you begin to approach
Timothy Sackton: this
Timothy Sackton: entrance arch. As you get closer you can see in this leads into. There's like a short hallway passageway, and then there's the
Timothy Sackton: another larger room.
Timothy Sackton:  a sort of wide hall that you can't see all of until you like. Pass through the arch and and look around.
Timothy Sackton:  all kind of carved out of the rock. You know. Ralph Roth hewn, this isn't
Timothy Sackton: This doesn't seem to be.
Timothy Sackton:  It's not like really elaborate underground, dwarven architecture as you get closer.
Timothy Sackton: and as you get closer you can hear this almost kind of weird.
Timothy Sackton: just Gordon, like very deep, low from the next one.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see looking in. A row of columns  in
Timothy Sackton: leading to a double door like stone pillars that lead through this next room that you haven't entered yet, but you're staring at. and at the far side of the columns there's a
Timothy Sackton: a double door of of stone.
Timothy Sackton: and it looks as you're looking at it like
Timothy Sackton: there is some kind of stone
Timothy Sackton: fungus that's grown over everything. There's like these weird kind of stone formations that are like creeping up the sides of the
Timothy Sackton: columns that have crept up the door. That are
Timothy Sackton:  but you know our our
Timothy Sackton: just kind of oozing off the walls.
Timothy Sackton: They don't seem to be moving at the moment, but
Eric Rosenbaum: it almost looks like a room that's been overgrown by some kind of living stone. Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: And not like the healing mud.
Timothy Sackton: No, it doesn't have a super healy vibe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: more a death fungus energy.
Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Not exactly death fungus either, but just kind of
Timothy Sackton: it's it almost has a bit of a, you know. Kind of creepy almost. It's like
Timothy Sackton: it almost looks like in places like this stone kind of grew up over these columns, and just was sort of like it almost looks like there's like hands that are kind of reaching up
Timothy Sackton: and sort of climbing up the columns is the is the kind of what it looks like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, are they? There's no is there? Plant life around here?
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there is nothing living. Yeah, that's unfortunate.
Eric Rosenbaum: No algae. the biofilms.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Have I have I seen or read about this kind of like living?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's done
Timothy Sackton: this? No, there is. This is completely
Timothy Sackton: unusual in your experience, but there was something
Eric Rosenbaum: in the rift to
Eric Rosenbaum: Arborea. What did you say about Folder?
Timothy Sackton: He does. This is unfamiliar to him as well as what I was saying.
UU Church of Boulder: I remember the rift to a borea having a row of columns also. This is this coincident or the same design.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think there were 2
Timothy Sackton: coincidence. Those were. That was all that was like an elven.
Timothy Sackton: I mean coincidence in the sense that if somebody constructs
Timothy Sackton: something
Eric Rosenbaum: underground like it's not uncommon for columns to be used as an architectural motif in that large room. It'll hold up the ceiling. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: got it.
Timothy Sackton: But no, it doesn't. There's not a
Eric Rosenbaum: but that did have weird, creeping plant growth. Right?
Timothy Sackton: That is, that is probably the closest thing it reminds you to, so that that when you explored that arbore dungeon. It was like
Timothy Sackton: weird, creeping plant growth everywhere. These like oozes. These, like, you know, overgrown insects, like just
life everywhere. And this is the same kind of vibe. But stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonder what I'll get if I stone since maybe the middle explode
Timothy Sackton: you could try
Eric Rosenbaum: worth a try. Wait. So what do we do? Exactly what's done since I have to ask for? Ask about a particular
Eric Rosenbaum: where is it
Eric Rosenbaum: one type of, or
Eric Rosenbaum: or to sense valuable, or I'll sense valuable or
Eric Rosenbaum: 300 foot range.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: let me think.
Timothy Sackton: Valuable or
Eric Rosenbaum: uncut gemstones, unworked metal or native elements.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's leave it on
Timothy Sackton: there there is not.
Timothy Sackton: There is not valuable, or that you can sense.
Timothy Sackton: There is just stone.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it definitely. You get a
Timothy Sackton: weird feeling right like it's
Timothy Sackton: quite
Timothy Sackton:  Doesn't feel like a natural cavern right like, clearly, there's something a bit strange going on here, but
Timothy Sackton: there's no valuable, or
UU Church of Boulder: I get a step away from it. I'll be back. Well, B. Maintains a close lookout on our surroundings. In the meantime.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's nothing alive around here. Huh?
Timothy Sackton: Nothing alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: We investigate the pillars.
Timothy Sackton: Sure. So Seeker is going into the room and sort of trying to
Timothy Sackton: investigate the
Eric Rosenbaum: the sort of row of pillars. So I'll just keeping a lookout
Eric Rosenbaum: last deal with to come and look at them with.
He could read.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza, what are you doing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Must be something useful. I can do in this situation just looking at my various items right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is it still fish back black in here?
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I guess I'll come and look at the columns as well as I see. If there's anything else interesting I can do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How tall is this?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll taller the pillars.
Timothy Sackton: The ceiling is about 20 feet up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pencil will like pick a sturdy looking pillar and slowly run of it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton:  Seeker and deal with investigation checks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I investigate as I go up the pillar?
Timothy Sackton: Sure
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  13.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: seeker you as you. So let's see.
Timothy Sackton: So Dalith and Dalith and Seek are kind of.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Looking around kind of examining these
Timothy Sackton: working together, you do. You do notice that a couple of things? One is that
Timothy Sackton: So this kind of low, discordant hum seems to be coming from
Timothy Sackton: it almost seems like it's resonating from within this sort of crust of stone that's covering everything.
Timothy Sackton: It almost seems like a discordant harmony coming from the stone itself, like it's vibrating very deep, almost so low you can't hear it.  The stone that's grown over the pillars
Timothy Sackton: is very different than the pillars themselves.
Timothy Sackton: Pillars are. We're probably carved of this limestone that's here.
Timothy Sackton: But they were clearly worked right. They were carved. Looking more closely now.
Timothy Sackton: you know, this looks like drankorian
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: architectural styles. Oh, shit! That's what we expected.
Timothy Sackton: But that's the
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: stone that's growing over it almost has this feeling of like
Timothy Sackton: like a flow stone, but climbing in reverse up the pillars with these occasional like weird appendages that are sticking out and kind of
Timothy Sackton: wrapping around, and
Timothy Sackton: you swear that you saw it move
Timothy Sackton: just like a refraction of an inch, so which move
Eric Rosenbaum: the flow stone, the flow stone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stations, or whatever the reverse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you can also. Now, standing in the middle of the room, you can see the room itself is maybe 30 feet
Timothy Sackton: deep, like from entrance to door.
Timothy Sackton: and maybe 20 feet wide. It's not a huge room.
Timothy Sackton: the entire floor is coated in this kind of
Timothy Sackton: growth, this, like limestoney, flow stone growth. You can't see anything of the original floor.
Timothy Sackton: and it's uneven in places, right? There's some places where it seems to be much deeper, much higher up, kind of like
Timothy Sackton: like like, like almost like Moguls, or something like undulating patterns.
Timothy Sackton: and then the door itself. This sort of entrance, this passageway that you would
Timothy Sackton: pass through has like completely crusted over now, where it's
Timothy Sackton: it, fully kind of encased by this weird limestone growth. You can still see the frame of the door, and you can see that like if the pair is a double door made of stone, that would, you know, push open, or maybe pull open, and you can still see the like top of the scene, like the very top of the door. But most of the door is now crusted over by this
Timothy Sackton: weird stone growth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not a lot, huh?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Still, nothing living. Huh?
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Elemental stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  And so what's Frederick doing?
Timothy Sackton: He's kind of poking around sort of like, you know, investigating things a little bit sort of.
Timothy Sackton: you know, tapping away slightly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looking at looking at the stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Patrick, what do you think of this stone? Ken's alright
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: secret! What do you like? What? What's your Gorman instinct tell you about all this.
Eric Rosenbaum: but we expected
Eric Rosenbaum: the plane of stone to be close here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plane of Earth. What's the elemental? But it's like earth and stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it doesn't seem right or normal for it to be
Eric Rosenbaum: an infestation of this?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it an infestation from the plane
Eric Rosenbaum: like what we saw in the crack to Arborea?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, is this reminiscent of like Leahy when I was at the volcano like leaky fire
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like leaky earth?
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, I mean, in the sense that there's clearly a lot of like elemental energy here. Sure it's not. Doesn't have the same.
Timothy Sackton: I know. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, the I don't know the like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Well, Roland Roland, I check Rolla.
Timothy Sackton: just a straight wisdom check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So 5,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to tell. Really like the the the vibe doesn't seem to quite match, but like that was fire. This is stone. Maybe it's the same thing, but they
Timothy Sackton: behave differently, or maybe it something different.
Timothy Sackton: the the sort of constant sort of hum you've been getting from like your nature sense and things like that. It's just oh.
Timothy Sackton: long it has been that this has been UN undisturbed by anything living right like it's I you keep getting these like vibes of like isolation and nothing alive. Nowhere has you ever been anything alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Obviously the jungle was super different than that, right? But you know again, it's hard to really directly compare them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, but you missed it, but the columns are drank. Orient.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: very cool, but we expect this to be a drankorian forage. That was the story from Feldrick.
Mike Sackton: Right? So we thought, we're kind of looking around like.
Timothy Sackton: shouldn't we just go through that door?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's our next step, unless we can learn more here
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't seem dangerous, does it?
UU Church of Boulder: No, let's let's head on through.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean, it's completely overgrown with stone. It doesn't open.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: I am. Take care you've got to have a way of dealing with this right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, just since you assume Sis dwarfs and stones. That's just like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, cause seeker love stone very personalized recommendation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  nothing to do but make jokes when you're in a deep cavern in the middle of local plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's black.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take light of the discrimination dwarves face in the world, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not the one making generalizations about all dwarves.
Eric Rosenbaum: I tap the
Eric Rosenbaum: stone ceiling the door with a chisel lightly. No magical effects just trying to
Timothy Sackton: just tap it. I mean, you could certainly chisel it away.
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you could definitely choose a little way
UU Church of Boulder: might take a little bit of time, you know. I have another thought here. There was that landing place at the top of the falls there was.
UU Church of Boulder: I wonder if there's a excess from up there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that seems smart. It hasn't been that long. I could just fly over real quick and take a look that sounds wise.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're seeing just the
Eric Rosenbaum: map line up such that that this that could be an upper entrance to the place that we're in now.
UU Church of Boulder: conceivably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, that feel. This just feels like a good thing to go explore
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that that that feels very wise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, dark, creepy. Let's split up.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I'll be well. Be flies off to go investigate the top of the waterfall.
Timothy Sackton: While he's doing that. What the rest of you are standing around doing any
Timothy Sackton: additional exploration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm checking out the drink I'm checking. I'm checking out the drain, Corey, and are there like carvings and stuff like on the
Timothy Sackton: no, I mean, they're just stone pillars. There's nothing particularly, I mean, maybe there are, and they're covered by the like steeping stone. It's hard to say.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll keep the well.
Timothy Sackton: You'll keep chiseling slowly, chipping away.
Timothy Sackton: The are.
Timothy Sackton: So while you're doing that seekers kind of slowly working at the stone, gently kind of tapping at it, chipping off little bits
Timothy Sackton: over time while the flies up to the top of the waterfall.
Timothy Sackton: So this this landing area?
Timothy Sackton: it's not really a not really like a
Timothy Sackton: polished landing area. Right? It's not. There's no dock or anything right now that you're not moving
Timothy Sackton: quickly in a boat down a river, you can see that.
Timothy Sackton: This is really basically just a side quarter that
Timothy Sackton: that turns off
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you.
UU Church of Boulder: So you you follow the quarter.
Timothy Sackton: So it winds. It actually winds
Timothy Sackton: around slightly, and it comes out. There's like a park where it comes out and you can see.
Timothy Sackton: well, you can't. Yeah, I guess you can see it's it begins to wind.
Timothy Sackton: you know, initially. Do
Timothy Sackton: west, like straight into the wall, and then turns and begins to descend. and it comes. and it turns 180 degrees. So it's going now east
UU Church of Boulder: as it descends.
Timothy Sackton: And you see now, actually, as it's descending, it actually passes behind the waterfall.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you can see out like from the waterfall to the lake
Timothy Sackton: continues to go down, and then and then turns
Timothy Sackton: again.
Timothy Sackton: and begins to open up into a sort of wider space. You figure now you must be close to the level of the lake.
Timothy Sackton: but there's like, but the wall that's on your left
Timothy Sackton: would be the wall that was on the right of the lake, right? So like the yeah western wall of the chamber that's sort of opening up here is close to the eastern wall of the lake, so the opposite side of the lake from the
Timothy Sackton:  from the
Timothy Sackton: that from the room that you're in.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: and it opens into. So you've been going now, maybe
Timothy Sackton: about 10 min. It sort of opens into a
Timothy Sackton: a decently sized chamber with 2 exits.
Timothy Sackton: one that
Timothy Sackton: conceivably is heading sort of towards the lake, and one that's heading away from the lake.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright. I'll scout down towards the lake.
Timothy Sackton:  so the
Timothy Sackton: and I'm going fatally.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The passageway there's like, now you start to see this like a little bit of water
Timothy Sackton: on the
Timothy Sackton:  on the
Timothy Sackton: floor of the like, just pooling on the floor of this this cavern.
Umhm.
Timothy Sackton: you hear the drips drips? Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll go the other way. I don't like this. I'm freaking myself out here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
UU Church of Boulder: You go. You go back. You go the other direction.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: that continues turning roughly south
Timothy Sackton: for maybe
Timothy Sackton: 5 min. until it comes to a
Timothy Sackton: a branch left or right.
right.
Timothy Sackton:  That begins to spiral
Timothy Sackton: downward
and slightly east. Now I'm just heading back. I don't think this goes anywhere. I'll I'll go like 2 min down the left
Timothy Sackton: down to the left, begins to rise slightly
Timothy Sackton: and and turn sort of roughly south.  sorry, roughly north. west.
Timothy Sackton: and begins to rise a little bit more and continue roughly straight now almost due west
UU Church of Boulder: no, I'm just gonna head back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. retrace your footsteps.
Timothy Sackton: fly back down.
UU Church of Boulder: see? Like.
UU Church of Boulder: maybe there's something useful out there, but it doesn't obviously connect to where we're trying to get, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: obviously, but it's
Timothy Sackton: Meanwhile seekers been tapping away well dealt with, and
Timothy Sackton: and Kenzo kind of continued to keep an eye out. Look at the columns, and Fadrick is kind of like examining the floor, and like sort of pacing around.
Timothy Sackton:  seeker, you've is there any like? Do you have any goal with your tapping? Are you just kind of idly tapping? Are you trying to like?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm releasing the door trying to unseal it so we can open it.
Timothy Sackton: Make a I don't know. Do you have any right? You must have some relevant tool proficiency like Mason's tools or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I've ever gotten a chance to actually roll against them. But yes, I have. Excellent.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so make II would make this a
Timothy Sackton: dexterity, but add your provisions. They were so Wendy 20 plus 5.
Timothy Sackton: So you're chipping away. It takes you taken like maybe 10 or 15 min, and you you're sort of trying to find the like scene. or you can split this and you you hit it slightly and you cracken.
Timothy Sackton: 2 things happen almost immediately. One is, you see a big crack that shoots up the wall where the the door where the where the stone is sort of sealing the door. It looks like you're getting close, like you might be able to pry the door apart
Timothy Sackton: at the same time that this, like underlying hum. turns to this like sharp, discordant pitch. and suddenly the floor beneath your feet turns to mud. Make a
Timothy Sackton:  make a dexterity
Timothy Sackton: saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm also not on the floor.
Timothy Sackton: It's just beneath seeker or sorry. The strength. Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
Timothy Sackton: Well, it doesn't doesn't matter. That was a very bad role.
Timothy Sackton:  Suddenly Kenzo and Delweth and Fuldrick all turn around as you see.
Timothy Sackton: How tall are you, seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not very well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that on my character sheet? Actually.
Timothy Sackton: just you're what? 4 and a half feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker sink in mud up to about his chin, about, say.
Timothy Sackton: 4 feet deep.
My beard.
Mike Sackton: this is where it would be useful if one of us had higher than 8 strength
Timothy Sackton: risen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: dawdling? 8? You okay. Seeker.  Well, are you like actively sinking? Or you just stop
Mike Sackton:  feel the you can't feel the bottom with your feet.
Timothy Sackton:  Well, that's not good. Does feel like you're maybe actively thinking.
Eric Rosenbaum: I try to
Eric Rosenbaum: reach up and grab something to pull. Yeah, it's like I take my staff out and try to give him. Give him my staff to pull out.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So
Timothy Sackton: Kenza runs over and like reaches your staff at, and he's kind of try and struggle a little bit to grab your staff. And this is very like sticky, sucking mud, and it begins to pull you down further. I'm gonna cast shape water to freeze the water in the mud beneath his feet
Eric Rosenbaum: beneath.
Eric Rosenbaum: not all around me crushing. Well, I can only do a 5 foot cube
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice.
Timothy Sackton: I'm slightly skeptical because it's not water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mud?
Timothy Sackton: But can you freeze the blood in somebody's body? I mean
Mike Sackton: now. I mean, I don't know. Actually, it's unclear, I guess. Probably not.
Mike Sackton: But so why not? Why is it fun to say you can't do it?
Timothy Sackton: You guys really like to make your potential super strong, but they're not super strong.
Timothy Sackton: If I if Eric can't excavate stone with mold earth. I don't think you should be able to freeze mud with.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, man, that's how you should have gotten through the door. Why didn't you use Malta?
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I can't excavate cause it's still not hurt.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait. But is he is alright. He can can can see here. Just grab my staff and get pulled out. Yeah, he's holding on to your staff.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: both of you make a frank check. Well, Kenza glances at at Kensel, glances at at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dalith and Frederick to come and give me a hand to pull him out.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Project tottering his way over. I'll come out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a strength check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all of us together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we do it? Does this mean we add all of our strengths together?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, we don't. You? Adding negative numbers together doesn't doesn't help you. 15. That's pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So so you managed to hold on seekers like grabbing onto the staff, and like you, you're the 2 of you dealt with, and and Kenza are kind of leveraging
Timothy Sackton:  levering up the the
Timothy Sackton: the the staff, so that it doesn't slip, and seekers now manage to like, get hit chest above water or above the mud, and is like slowly trying to. It's like stick, clinging sticky mud, slowly trying to like lever himself up onto the
Timothy Sackton: upline to the staff. It's it's tiring
Timothy Sackton: but you managed just to sort of
Timothy Sackton:  Just kind of stabilize yourself,
Timothy Sackton: and then, like just seekers managed to just like stabilize themselves on the staff, and the Kenza's like pulling on the staff to try and
Timothy Sackton: to just try and use your leverage to pull him up, and you manage to pull him sort of 5 feet towards the edge, where he can sort of begin to like cling and sort of flop out of this
Timothy Sackton: sticky mud
Timothy Sackton: which is now
Timothy Sackton: blocking your entrance, your access to the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look down at my brand name holding red cloak.
Timothy Sackton: It is tolling like
Eric Rosenbaum: Melinda
Timothy Sackton: Brown. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, go in, Bud.
Wow!
Mike Sackton: This I can do that with will raise his hand, and your cloak is perfectly clean
that I want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's what's that? Wait? Was that a cantrip? Nice?
Eric Rosenbaum:  Your beard can be clean, too. III need that
Mike Sackton: your beard is also clean
Eric Rosenbaum: speaker, noticeably choosing.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Now, what?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Frederick also kind of looks at me and says. Did you mean to do that?
Oh, the mud thing!
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna say, no, no. I was just trying to open the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was when I cracked.
Eric Rosenbaum: Livingstone.
Eric Rosenbaum: returning to mud.
I don't think I like that.
I wonder if I could bring this the door itself, which is not made of the learning stone
Eric Rosenbaum: life by animating.
Eric Rosenbaum: be able to open itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, now that I've cracked the stone. and so could you just push the door with your staff, even though we can't step that near it.
Timothy Sackton: Your staff's not 10 feet long.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, there's a big area of mud. It's a 10 foot area of mud.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is the door open?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I was just gonna say, may chance. No, it's still. There's still stone coding the door. There's just a crack running down the center of this
Timothy Sackton: limestone. That's
Mike Sackton: okay. Well, how about this? Do we have? We have a thing of creating water, don't we?
Mike Sackton: We have, do we? Do? We have a way to create water, can we? Can we? I'll take patient. I will pour water in the crack.
Mike Sackton: and then I will freeze it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can do that.
Mike Sackton: Should make the crack bigger. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: March, ma'am.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you might have to do it 10 times.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
it will
Timothy Sackton: like over time.
Mike Sackton: I mean I'll try it. I don't know 10 times. See how effective it is. Right like I don't
Mike Sackton:  It's pretty easy to freeze and thaw and freeze and thaw with a magic source of water and
Mike Sackton: shape. Water right? I could do
Mike Sackton: 3 cycles a second, 3 cycles every
Mike Sackton: what are what's around I don't remember, but you can do about probably about 5 freeze and thaws every minute. Give it 10 min. I don't know. Is it making any difference?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So over time you do this, you do it. A couple cycles like it sort of every now and then, like there'll be a little bit of a crack.  After a couple of minutes you see another like big, like a big sort of crack, also open up, and
Timothy Sackton: another
Timothy Sackton: patch of earth turns to mud. Fortunately not where anybody standing
Eric Rosenbaum: that is
Eric Rosenbaum:  earth and grasp
Eric Rosenbaum: do stuff like open a door as opposed to just like grappling a bad guy, cause you can see now, after, like
Timothy Sackton: you've been doing this.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yeah, you could. I mean, the latter is also quite strong.
Timothy Sackton: You can see now, after doing this like 5 for 5 min or so, like some of the mud that opened beneath the the like patch of mud that's beneath the door. like it's you can see, like a few tendrils beginning to climb up slowly and feel their way towards the crack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's trying to repair itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucking sentient mud, sentient acid.
Timothy Sackton: It finds the like very bottom edge of the crack in the mud begins to like cruise. It's forced its way into that very bottom of the crack that doesn't really look like mud. It looks like a sort of weird, grayish slurry.
Timothy Sackton: It's like liquefied limestone, right. It's not like mud
Mike Sackton: so it's gonna just prepare itself. That's great
Mike Sackton: does it?
Mike Sackton: This is a bad idea. Limestone limestone
Eric Rosenbaum: acid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got caustic arrows.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Hold on! Keep the tea kettle can make acid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You cannot, can make acid, that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doesn't that dissolve one? Kenzo also has a wand of acid
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tea, kettles, teacows. Good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this kid does have. There's no way this doesn't work
Eric Rosenbaum: over millennia
Mike Sackton: right 10 years later.
Eric Rosenbaum: is dead.
Timothy Sackton: or Lisbon is like a twentieth level super. Dd.
Timothy Sackton: so what are you doing? Fabric's kind of pacing around, looking like.
Timothy Sackton: like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thinking like staring at the sort of wall and thinking a little bit. You have any thoughts, Patrick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we pouring acid on the door?
Eric Rosenbaum: Try it. Let's try it. What? What could go wrong?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  So
Timothy Sackton: top the top of the door. You like, you hold what you're holding with main chance or something. The key kettle. Yeah. Dumping acid. It doesn't make a ton of acid as my recollection right now, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it asked. But they asked it definitely like it uses down into the crack that's already been widened by this water ounces.
Timothy Sackton: It's not gonna eat away like an entire doors worth of stone, but it's certainly making the crack bigger like you hear, like a 3 more like.
Timothy Sackton: but just like another bigger. You're now all like watching out for this right? Penzo, make a dexterity saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why?
Eric Rosenbaum: Because mud just opened by your feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice?
19.
Timothy Sackton: You managed to jump out of the way before
Timothy Sackton: the you see into the mud, unlike Zika, who rolled a 5
Eric Rosenbaum: great
Timothy Sackton: And now you can see that some of these other patches are beginning to crawl across the floor as well as the
Timothy Sackton:  as the damage is becoming more sustained
Timothy Sackton: from the asset. Now you could. There's like now, like a V shape that's been carved out of the top of the
Timothy Sackton: out of the top of this sort of limestone formation, and you can see now you've also started to like damage. The door behind that
Timothy Sackton: almost living. This, like sort of oozing limestone, is beginning to crawl now.
Timothy Sackton: like you can see little like globs of it crawling out of some of these patches of mud
Timothy Sackton: heading towards the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it seem to be getting mad?
Timothy Sackton: It's moving faster? I don't know if that's the same thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't want it to get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Patrick. What do you think.
Eric Rosenbaum: please.
Timothy Sackton: should we do something foolish?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's your suggestion? We love doing foolish things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dab?
Timothy Sackton: He takes his, takes his. his little, his silver cane, and he reaches, and he fiddles with a few things.
Timothy Sackton: Thunderous boom that can break stone and flash
Eric Rosenbaum: if it pops open the door worth a try. Let's stand back, though. Maybe
Timothy Sackton:  He looks around
Timothy Sackton: stas
Timothy Sackton:  I'm gonna climb on your back, and he points to Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's not to sync.
UU Church of Boulder: I like to think that right in the split second, as he's casting
Eric Rosenbaum: that will be comes back into the room again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. yeah, we can. We can actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: am I? Can we do this? So that like Kenza, how heavy is bodrick?
Timothy Sackton: I mean. He's not right right like.
Timothy Sackton: but like wearing a breastplate, and he's like, you know, not a small dwarf, if he like, climbs on my back. Can I like still run up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the the pillar. Oh, you're a weakling.
Timothy Sackton: but if you think he will will be high enough not to drown in the mud, is his thought.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a good place for me to stand?
Timothy Sackton:  I mean, where do you want to stand
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like in the cavern? Is there like a spot that's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, if if stuff explodes that there's some cover.
Timothy Sackton: yeah. But like behind one of the pillars, this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright, let's see that you'd be behind one of the pillars so we can duck out of the way if like, you know, rocks start flying at us. Type of thing
Timothy Sackton: ready?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. Should we do like a should you prepare like a wallstone or something tiger, in case like there's like things that fly out of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. sorry. Let's just see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
Timothy Sackton: He he points his. He points his like he's holding on to the back of Kenzo. He lifts up his cane.
Timothy Sackton: He pointed at the door. And everybody, how's it been going? And he
Timothy Sackton: just at this moment, when Welby arrives, there's this like little
Timothy Sackton: a little sort of black sort of wad of magical energy that flies out. And then
Timothy Sackton: there's this huge, ringing, thunderous explosion as he cast shatter.
and
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the stone
Timothy Sackton: that's been weakened by the acid in the ice
Timothy Sackton: flies into about 16 shards.
Timothy Sackton: And suddenly, about half the room.
Timothy Sackton: half of the floor basically turns to this using mud. So
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna see
Timothy Sackton:  everybody roll a d 4
Timothy Sackton: except what I'll be who's in the air
Eric Rosenbaum: before? Alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we want higher, low.
Timothy Sackton: You wanted odds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's
Timothy Sackton: can zoom make a dexterity saving throw with disadvantage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 270, love it!
Timothy Sackton: And so like as the as the floor is collapsing around you you like. Do a barrel roll like grabbing
Timothy Sackton: Falterk as you roll landing on solid ground next to this mud
Timothy Sackton: pit that just opened up where you were standing behind the the column.
Timothy Sackton: as
Timothy Sackton: the like door is now like shaking like this, and there's like a pile of rubble that's fallen into the mud, and the door's just been pushed
Timothy Sackton: wide open. The the mud now, though, is like
Timothy Sackton: crawling
almost a walking speed
Timothy Sackton: towards the door.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we run into the door.
Mike Sackton: Is the the door open? Yeah, let's open.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we need to cross the mud somehow without sinking into it.
UU Church of Boulder: How much distance over across the room.
Mike Sackton: How much? How far across is it?
Timothy Sackton: Like 20 feet
Mike Sackton: like this is hard?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Brandon's whistle.
Mike Sackton: Do do people need do? Do? Do you need help.
I'll ask the dwarves if they would need some. If they need some help flying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Greatly appreciate it. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright, I'll I'll ravens whistle over.
Mike Sackton: I'll cast fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll try not to drop you this time, Feldrick.
Mike Sackton: Now, if these cast imply
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, what's the duration of fly?
Mike Sackton: It's only 10 min.
Timothy Sackton: So you all fly across the mud into the door. into a tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. what you see as you fly past this?
Timothy Sackton:  as you as you fly past this. This door is
this it looks like for the first, like
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet or so.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like a wide, straight hallway, maybe 20 feet across.
Timothy Sackton: going, you know, running, you know. Smooth walls like this is a carved hallway. This isn't
anymore.
Timothy Sackton: But after you go maybe 15 feet you can see that there's like it almost
jutting up from the floor and then blocking the
Timothy Sackton: splitting the 20 foot wide quarter into 2
Timothy Sackton: narrower 10 foot wide quarters is this giant like prow of stone that's just plowed up through the floor and continued, it's not like just a
Timothy Sackton: barriers like it actually splits the corridor in 2, so left or right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brow like the proud of shit.
Timothy Sackton: It's like it's like it's like a wedge
Timothy Sackton: right there's like a leg of stone. Is there an even bigger stone castle that we can? It's like it's like, you know, when they're doing highway construction. And you know the lane, the the
Timothy Sackton: they they're working on the middle lane. So the the highway splits like this right? And you have to pick a lane. And in the middle. It's that, except with this like stone barrier that's split up in the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, since I so you know, like, when I was commuting with nature and kind of like. Have a vibe now on this like weird, you know, like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and and that unnaturally dead kind of energy which which one feels more that way. More unnaturally dead. Yeah.
Split. Second left
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do we? Continue following the unnaturally dead energy. Let's do it. Left. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you go, do you wanna send scouts or anything, or we just like just barrel forward.
Eric Rosenbaum: scrolling
UU Church of Boulder: alright. I can scout that out.
Timothy Sackton: You go ahead.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're just gonna barrel forward.
UU Church of Boulder: I'm not gonna barrel. I'm gonna I'm gonna proceed cautiously and attentively on the alert for attacks and traps and things like that. So as you walk
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: you begin to hear like a whispering wind, growing louder and louder, seeming to surround you.
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: you have no idea where it's coming from. It's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not like there's an opening anywhere. and it's not like the wind is blowing down the quarter or something. It's just. It's just seem feels like. There's this swirling energy around you, and it's
Timothy Sackton: it's not quiet, it's chattering, it's
Timothy Sackton:  hissing at times it's  whispering. It's almost as if you can hear, like little fragments of
Timothy Sackton: all of the sort of
Timothy Sackton: voices on the winds, the news the winds carry across the world the
Timothy Sackton: fragments of tales of freedom and wildness and unbridled adventure that blow across the world on the winds.
Timothy Sackton: and they're sort of clustering around you. Well, be as you walk forward there. you can almost hear them whispering greedily like can almost imagine, there's voices feed us.
Timothy Sackton: we ache. give us a new tail. give us a new voyage. give us a new taste of freedom.
Timothy Sackton: getting louder and more insistent. Whether you go forward or back.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to have
Timothy Sackton: latched onto you.
I'm gonna say.
UU Church of Boulder: who knows if this works, I'm gonna say, what will you give me in return?
Quiet.
UU Church of Boulder: alright.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll tell him a story. Why not?
Timothy Sackton: What story
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A really central, important one to your life that you.
I'll tell them the story that I heard of the Kenku who flew from the north end of the
UU Church of Boulder: the
the moving islands to the south end. All the way
Timothy Sackton: you go quiet.
That right?
UU Church of Boulder: Well, keep on, then, I think.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: keep going.
Timothy Sackton:  you continue walking down this corridor.  And you can see
Timothy Sackton: in the distance, like edge of your dark vision, you've gone. You've gone maybe 50 feet about another 50 feet ahead you can see what looks like a
Timothy Sackton:  iron door faintly glowing with magical runes carved into it. But between you and the iron door
Timothy Sackton: there are
Timothy Sackton: missed, and
Timothy Sackton: air and swirling fogs that are blowing and almost dancing on the air, obscuring your vision.
Timothy Sackton: You! You watch it for a moment, make a
Timothy Sackton: charisma saving throw.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. Charisma. Huh?
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, oh!
Timothy Sackton: And you you see, it's beauty, and you feel it pulling you in trying to
Timothy Sackton: draw you into this dance of the mists, and you resist you. You shake your head, you tell yourself
Timothy Sackton: it's just air and water and clouds blowing. It's not
Timothy Sackton: anything special.
Timothy Sackton: and as you step forward. the mists and fog sort of shrink away from you. and you can see
Timothy Sackton: this door.
Timothy Sackton: An iron door with number of sort of pulsating runes. some kind of magical protection, magical barriers, magical.
Timothy Sackton: They don't feel like traps to you. But what do you really know?
Eric Rosenbaum: And we read the rooms?
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're not there. Just web, is there?
How far ahead?
Timothy Sackton: Like a hundred feet
UU Church of Boulder: I'll relay back to them what to expect going down the hall, and
UU Church of Boulder: how to negotiate with the greaty wind spirits, and
UU Church of Boulder: to watch out for the dancing lights.
Timothy Sackton: So everybody proceeds
Timothy Sackton: so as you all begin to walk these again as as well behaves, warned you. This wind begins to blow.
Timothy Sackton: asking retail
Timothy Sackton: a story, a
Timothy Sackton: becoming more insistent in demanding, asking, for.
Timothy Sackton: you know, a
Timothy Sackton: a tale of a voyage, a tale of a of a
Timothy Sackton: adventure. And and
Timothy Sackton: again you hear these like fragments of different languages, fragments of different tails all swirling around you so? What tail do each of you tell?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I tell I tell it a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a tale that Keso told me of growing up in chartin.
Timothy Sackton: What is it about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the J line lines
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  yeah. Tell it about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How he escaped the Cheyenne moments
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom saving file
Timothy Sackton: and see that where you are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I haven't rolled yet. Here it is. 16.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: they sort of hiss at you.
Timothy Sackton: You get you get the feeling this is. There's a bit of anger about.
Timothy Sackton: This is a tale of deep in the earth. This is a tale of
Timothy Sackton: being trapped, and they
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, oh, I see, I see! I see I like it, but they well, it's about escape. It's about. It's about freedom and liberation.
Timothy Sackton: They
Timothy Sackton: they they finally let you pass as you come to the end of the story
Timothy Sackton: like sort of. But there's still this kind of lingering trail of kind of hissing, hissing like
I
Timothy Sackton: just a little bit of a of a of a
Timothy Sackton: it's not loud enough to be distracting or to really bother you. But it's like this slight kind of
Timothy Sackton:  Just this lingering anger that fades as you walk down the corner
Timothy Sackton: seeker approaches. What tail do you tell them?
Eric Rosenbaum: Story of great-great-grandfather's journey
Eric Rosenbaum: out over land.
Eric Rosenbaum: across the great forests to the neighboring dwarven kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: They they accept that.
Timothy Sackton: Let you pass as Frederick approaches. You notice that he is not. His feet have not touched the ground.
Timothy Sackton: and he tells them the story of the first time he flew when he launched himself over some treacherous mud
Timothy Sackton: and flew past the magic door, and
Timothy Sackton: he does a little somersault in the air. and he like clicks his legs, and he says
Timothy Sackton: and it, and flew down a quarter, and met this fascinating wind that I could tell about the magical experience
Timothy Sackton: of my me not hurting as I danced down this stone passageway. and he clicks his heels together and does a little like twirl in the air as he continues to fly down the passageway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Frederick's the man.
Mike Sackton:  I'll tell it a story of
Mike Sackton: yes, Ali. a story about
Mike Sackton: hunting
Mike Sackton: and seeking
Mike Sackton: open
Mike Sackton: free spaces on the earth to.
Mike Sackton: to.
Mike Sackton: you know. Make a layer in or
Mike Sackton: hunting, or you know a story of
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I'm I'm not thinking of the words. Quite right, but
Mike Sackton: like, you know.
Mike Sackton: hunting hunting some animal in its lair, and but not in the like, hunting it down and killing it sort of way. And like
Timothy Sackton: I get it. Yep, they. They also let you pass.
Timothy Sackton: and as as you pass by the winds, only Kenzo still
Timothy Sackton: having them trail slightly, but fading as you continue to walk, you see, I had the the dancing mists and swirling fogs that well be described.
and everybody make a charisma saving throw with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me, or, if you will. Less than a 13
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 17.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled less than a team of times.
Mike Sackton: 27.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me see what Frederick rolled here.
Good thing, he was warned.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody except seeker passes through this mist and fog.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of it's shrinking away from them.
Timothy Sackton: But, seeker you as you approach. You see this
Timothy Sackton: these little swirls of mists, and you begin to see colors in them. The colors that you've never even imagined could exist. Colors that are.
Timothy Sackton: you know that are something. It's almost it's sort of like
Timothy Sackton: It's a very strange experience for you. It's like the words, take on these these colors. You have a thought, and you see some color associated with that thought. And it's changing, and this most vibrant thing. And you just start to
Timothy Sackton: drift into these into the fog just kind of staring at, and the rest of you
Timothy Sackton: sees Seeker just stop and stare at the wall of the cavern.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: It is like the most interesting thing you've ever seen. Like, if you could find a way to just bottle this mess.
Timothy Sackton: it would be like incredibly.
Timothy Sackton: you could study it for years like you could make a whole. This is like the most fascinating thing that you've ever encountered in your life. Like you're gonna write books about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just need to sit here for like a year and take all the notes.
Eric Rosenbaum: You guys go ahead.
UU Church of Boulder: I'll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how do we? Oh, wait, I will. I can. Uncharm him.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I don't. I don't need that. I I just need to focus. It's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: am I? Yeah, I? I cleansing touch.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, is charmed. So you walk up to seeker and seeker. You see, Kenza sort of walking up to you with like, you know, holding his hand out like preparing to touch you
Timothy Sackton: seems very distracting like. Why would he be trying to like the cut as soon as he approaches like this
color like that. You were just trying to describe what it was. It was like
Timothy Sackton: some weird combination of 4 different colors, and the word for it was just on the tip of your tongue, and it like vanishes in a flash as Kinzo steps close to
Eric Rosenbaum: And are they?
Timothy Sackton: Kenza reaches out his hand.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just check this.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Make a wisdom check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beer or a
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: so seeker touches Kenza touches seeker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So 9,
Timothy Sackton: you you reach out to him, and you
Timothy Sackton: try to like
Timothy Sackton:  You try to like, cleanse this
Timothy Sackton: magic that's wrapped on his. Or and you see
Timothy Sackton: you catch this like brief vision as you're touching him of.
Timothy Sackton: you know, rainbows and and like an endless expanse of sky. just it's stretching in all directions, reflecting
Timothy Sackton: like every single color of the sunset, of the sun, of the blues of midday.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see like seeker. You see, this is like wrapped around seekers. Aura.
Timothy Sackton: but you'll you'll have to spend more key. You can't quite break it.
Timothy Sackton: Seeka. This is distracting. It's like somebody's. Something's buzzing in your head right when you're trying to like. It's like the breakthrough of the year. It's like you have this equation on the tip of your tongue, and and then somebody's yelling in your ear and like you're gonna lose it if they don't
be quiet.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, it should, while you already you already had advantage. Oh, I didn't. I didn't do my advantage. No, no, not you. Seeka was saying that the ring of word of mine should give him advantage. But you are. You can't have double advantage. You already have advantage against being charmed.
Eric Rosenbaum: You already had adventures cause you were born so it wouldn't help
Mike Sackton: what's sorry.
Timothy Sackton: What's our? II need to go to bed soon. What's our this is? I mean, you're about to get to the door. Hopefully, you don't wanna leave seeker in the state. The door is a really good stopping spot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can try. And, Kenza, you just need to keep spending key.
Mike Sackton: I'm perfectly happy where I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That guy roll again. Yeah, just keep rolling. You need a roll of 14 or higher.
Alright, here we go. Come on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there it is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thirteenth.
Timothy Sackton: That's not a 14 or higher, is it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you said Fortune to hire. Damn it!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! Let's do it again. I mean spending one key at each time 2 keys time
Eric Rosenbaum: great. Each time you fail I discover whole new dimensions of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking bitch. 12. Whatever you doing, working, Penza, just keep doing it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I've I'm written hundreds of pages of notes in.
Timothy Sackton: I got so finally, Kenzo like. And suddenly, like this whole illusion falls from your mind seeker, and you can see
Timothy Sackton: like it's just missed. There was nothing there.
Timothy Sackton: There's just this slight echo of like.
Timothy Sackton: Was that what the plane of air is really like?
Eric Rosenbaum: Every colors?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Timothy Sackton: And you walk forward to the door
Timothy Sackton: seeker you rack. You actually racking like these runes are
Timothy Sackton: obvious. These are wards against elemental magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you for that.
Timothy Sackton: Protecting all the what's on the other side of this door. From
Timothy Sackton: all of this
Timothy Sackton: everything that's happening back out here.
Eric Rosenbaum:  The leakage out here, which is a mess. Obviously
Eric Rosenbaum: water, earth
obvious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we open the door? It's not locked. What's on the other side?
Timothy Sackton: So you push the door open and you step through, and you see a
Timothy Sackton: dusty, ancient chamber, lit by 4 large permanent magical lights.
Timothy Sackton: rusting iron hooks on the wall, perhaps once held tapestries or other wall hangings long since rotted away. There's 3 doors. There's a large bronze door straight in the head of you, through which a faint reddish glow can be seen
Timothy Sackton: carved with these same kinds of warding runes of control, to keep elemental chaos at bay.
Timothy Sackton: To your right a
Timothy Sackton: reinforced wooden door, now dried and mostly rotted away, through which a small complex of living quarters in a storeroom can be seen.
Timothy Sackton: and to the left and intact stone door unlocked but closed.
Timothy Sackton: And as you as you step into this this small
Timothy Sackton: and a chamber.
Timothy Sackton: Stepping through
Timothy Sackton: the wall. is a woman, maybe 60 or so. elegantly dressed in silk robes, with graying hair, cut short green eyes, and a sharp and angular face marked by like a old burn running from her left eye to her jaw line.
Timothy Sackton: She bowed slightly and speaks. Before you can say anything, Kenza, you recognize this as Drankorian. Translate greetings, visitors. I hope your journey was not too difficult. I look forward to consulting with you on your knees, but sadly am I indisposed at the moment
Timothy Sackton: until I return. My servant Claudia, will tend to your needs. Please be comfortable, and I will be with you shortly. And as she finishes speaking she gives a slight bow. And then.
UU Church of Boulder: wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: Graphic voicemail message.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we will stop here before you explore the forge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  That'd be cool if that was like Dematar's hologram. AI assistant.
Timothy Sackton: Well, when you finally get to drink, or maybe divitar will also have a program delusion for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's fun to have a classic dungeon crawl, cause we have done that a few times, but it's been a while so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey, really quick! Before we sign off.